
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.252495                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                252494866500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               252494866500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 116488                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   199063                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37852754                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 644656                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6670.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   777025984                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1327842877                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           45120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          276800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             321920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        45120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         45120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              705                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             4325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                5030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             178697                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data            1096260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               1274957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        178697                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           178697                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            178697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data           1096260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total              1274957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        5030                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      5030                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 321920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  321920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  252494795500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  5030                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    2997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    596.537313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   385.349303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   412.312569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          103     19.22%     19.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           72     13.43%     32.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           37      6.90%     39.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           31      5.78%     45.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           22      4.10%     49.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      3.36%     52.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      2.80%     55.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      2.80%     58.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          223     41.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     26296750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               120609250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   25150000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      5227.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                23977.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         1.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      1.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     4486                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                   50197772.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::IDLE   243784213000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::REF      8431280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::ACT       277295750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.membus.throughput                      1274957                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2338                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2338                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        10064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        10064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       321920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       321920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total              321920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 321920                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5822000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           46646748                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4222.707935                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        6131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4698                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.305023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2442.655457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        559.567279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       1220.485198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.074544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.017077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.037246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.128867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4698                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.143372                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    131183                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   131183                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst                   77                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data                 2600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    2677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             5753                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  5753                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               1827                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1827                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    77                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                  4427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     4504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   77                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                 4427                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    4504                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data               1987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  2693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             2338                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                2338                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                4325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   5031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                706                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data               4325                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  5031                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     49377500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    136536000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       185913500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    154363750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     154363750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      49377500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     290899750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        340277250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     49377500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    290899750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       340277250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst              783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data             4587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                5370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5753                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              5753                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           4165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              4165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data              8752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data             8752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.901660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.433181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.501490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.561345                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.561345                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.901660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.494173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.527635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.901660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.494173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.527635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69939.801700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68714.645194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69035.833643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66023.845167                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66023.845167                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69939.801700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67260.057803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67636.106142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69939.801700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67260.057803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67636.106142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          1987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             2693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2338                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           2338                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data           4325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              5031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          4325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             5031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40532000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    112111500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152643500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        20002                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20002                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    125116750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125116750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40532000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    237228250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    277760250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40532000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    237228250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    277760250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.901660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.433181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.501490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.561345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.901660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.494173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.527635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.901660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.494173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.527635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57410.764873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56422.496225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56681.581879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53514.435415                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53514.435415                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57410.764873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54850.462428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55209.749553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57410.764873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54850.462428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55209.749553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                     3875310                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               5372                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              5371                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             5753                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4165                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4165                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        23261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 24828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        50048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       928320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total             978368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus                978368                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus             128                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           13399000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1299249                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          13789752                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                30704603                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          30704603                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           1775171                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             30635424                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                30564279                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.767769                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    3071                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                167                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   26                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        504989735                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           84296406                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      815453521                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    30704603                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           30567350                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     217099813                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 5638622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles              198367336                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   74                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           488                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  84267079                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  3119                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          503611860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.742985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.533156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                286629680     56.91%     56.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 26669504      5.30%     62.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   116787      0.02%     62.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   120126      0.02%     62.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 26887478      5.34%     67.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                     9485      0.00%     67.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 28556353      5.67%     73.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1778571      0.35%     73.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                132843876     26.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            503611860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.060802                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.614792                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                109771800                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             174683532                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 191508159                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              23800626                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                3847743                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             1374672589                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                3847743                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                158240865                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                38214422                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           1013                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 163627553                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             139680264                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             1356191427                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                   786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                   7407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents             116559705                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          1562068378                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            3570441864                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       2776566485                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups            134875                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1538112554                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 23955824                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 45                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             45                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 490297350                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            395769412                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           184242349                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         206013898                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         97748011                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 1346895144                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 131                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1334517911                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              5492                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        19049054                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40804447                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            105                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     503611860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.649894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.456520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            21940173      4.36%      4.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           117995810     23.43%     27.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            92240781     18.32%     46.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           124707743     24.76%     70.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            79724524     15.83%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            63222772     12.55%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             3665220      0.73%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                4662      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              110175      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       503611860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     419      0.02%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    12      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                1769904     99.87%     99.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  1819      0.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            118015      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             709359442     53.15%     53.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             50113220      3.76%     56.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                776940      0.06%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               55873      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     56.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            393534433     29.49%     86.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           180559988     13.53%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1334517911                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.642663                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1772154                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.001328                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         3174268275                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        1365881972                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1330966654                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              157053                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              78936                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        76312                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1336093521                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   78529                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        218825871                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6125161                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          675                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        16948                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3827251                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         2047                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            71                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                3847743                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 7162405                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                115299                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          1346895275                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             10423                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             395769412                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            184242349                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 41                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    902                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   847                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          16948                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        1770967                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5251                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              1776218                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1331069335                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             391756534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           3448576                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    572312596                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 30565613                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  180556062                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.635834                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1331053458                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1331042966                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1066748601                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1530137210                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.635782                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.697159                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        19053399                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              26                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           1775236                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    499764117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.656939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.862396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     92032023     18.42%     18.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    175179818     35.05%     53.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     76327377     15.27%     68.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     28563132      5.72%     74.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26542294      5.31%     79.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       116345      0.02%     79.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       115711      0.02%     79.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       225594      0.05%     79.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    100661823     20.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    499764117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            777025984                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1327842877                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      570059349                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     389644251                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   30439232                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                      75915                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1327674310                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                 2017                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       114718      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        706728545     53.22%     53.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        50107721      3.77%     57.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           776936      0.06%     57.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          55608      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       389644251     29.34%     86.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      180415098     13.59%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total        1327842877                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events             100661823                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   1745998570                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  2697640534                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                          330223                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         1377875                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   777025984                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1327842877                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.649901                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.649901                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.538697                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.538697                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               2715783732                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1171523212                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                    132181                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                    68622                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 148375748                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                369994172                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               633341155                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               341                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           403.970674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            84266048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               782                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          107757.094629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   403.970674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.789005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.789005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.861328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         168534942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        168534942                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     84266048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        84266048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      84266048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         84266048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     84266048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        84266048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1031                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1031                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65640749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65640749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65640749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65640749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65640749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65640749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     84267079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     84267079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     84267079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     84267079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     84267079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     84267079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63667.069835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63667.069835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63667.069835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63667.069835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63667.069835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63667.069835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          147                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    73.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          246                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          246                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     50938251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50938251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     50938251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50938251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     50938251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50938251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64889.491720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64889.491720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64889.491720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64889.491720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64889.491720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64889.491720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements              7728                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.758877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           353329830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              8752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          40371.324269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         141022250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.758877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          553                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         706700232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        706700232                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    172916704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       172916704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    180413124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      180413124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     353329828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        353329828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    353329828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       353329828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        11742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         11742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         4170                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4170                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        15912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          15912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        15912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         15912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    548699750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    548699750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    186300752                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    186300752                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    735000502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    735000502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    735000502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    735000502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    172928446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    172928446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    180417294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    180417294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    353345740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    353345740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    353345740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    353345740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000023                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46729.667007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46729.667007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 44676.439329                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44676.439329                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46191.585093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46191.585093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46191.585093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46191.585093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          522                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    43.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              5753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         7155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data         7158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data         7158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         8754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         8754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    167153000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167153000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    176890248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    176890248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    344043248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    344043248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    344043248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    344043248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36440.592980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36440.592980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42450.263499                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42450.263499                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 39301.262052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39301.262052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 39301.262052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39301.262052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
