
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.176121                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                176121352500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               176121352500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 175602                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   311850                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               44807722                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 644192                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3930.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   690223543                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1225759704                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           40704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data           16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total              56832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        40704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         40704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data              252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                 888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             231113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data              91573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                322687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        231113                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           231113                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            231113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data             91573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               322687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                         888                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                       888                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                  56832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                   56832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10               47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  176121282000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                   888                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    265.365854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   170.107682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   275.697489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           73     35.61%     35.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           55     26.83%     62.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           28     13.66%     76.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           19      9.27%     85.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639            4      1.95%     87.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      2.93%     90.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      1.95%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.98%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           14      6.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                      7602750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                24252750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    4440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      8561.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                27311.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.26                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                      673                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 75.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                  198334777.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    75.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::IDLE   170172214250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::REF      5880940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::ACT        64339750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.membus.throughput                       322687                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 774                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                774                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         1776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        56832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        56832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total               56832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                  56832                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1071000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            8286000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                   664.136765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                         248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.320413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        552.050639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        112.086126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.016847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.003421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.020268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           774                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          719                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.023621                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                      9984                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                     9984                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst                  244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data                    4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                     248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                   244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                     4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                  244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                    4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     248                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                   775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data              114                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 114                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                 252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                    889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                637                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                252                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                   889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     10735250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        55116250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      7967250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       7967250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      44381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      18702500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         63083500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     18702500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        63083500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst              881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data              142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                1023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data            114                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               114                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data               256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 1137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data              256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                1137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.723042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.971831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.757576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data             1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.723042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.984375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.781882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.723042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.984375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.781882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69671.899529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77791.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71117.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 69888.157895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69888.157895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69671.899529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74216.269841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70960.067492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69671.899529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74216.269841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70960.067492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data           252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total              889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36413500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9026750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45440250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6552250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6552250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36413500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     15579000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51992500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36413500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     15579000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51992500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.723042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.757576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.723042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.984375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.781882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.723042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.984375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.781882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57164.050235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65411.231884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58632.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57475.877193                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57475.877193                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57164.050235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61821.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58484.251969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57164.050235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61821.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58484.251969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                      412806                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               1023                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1022                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              114                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             114                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                  2273                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        56320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        16384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total              72704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus                 72704                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy             568500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1426500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            418500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               200266265                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         200266265                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           2252033                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             83821374                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                83818062                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.996049                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 7875985                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                200                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        352242706                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           39406960                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      752133997                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   200266265                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           91694047                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     237397749                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                10134194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles               67509844                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   84                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           615                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  39386736                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   825                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          352197158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.780771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.519264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                114799792     32.60%     32.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 23064016      6.55%     39.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 43876012     12.46%     51.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 14626250      4.15%     55.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  4501271      1.28%     57.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 11252164      3.19%     60.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  9001834      2.56%     62.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                     1451      0.00%     62.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                131074368     37.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            352197158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.568546                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        2.135272                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 56659147                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              52509665                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 219396022                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              15750429                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                7881895                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             1321445113                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                7881895                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 66035490                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 4507139                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles            665                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 225770054                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              48001915                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             1303439274                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    45                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               44999834                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents               1501686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          1855830369                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            2934872578                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       1657306730                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups              4815                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1742145474                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                113684895                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 41                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             36                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  74630753                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             54012891                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            16883407                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           4500104                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          4499993                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 1282051877                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1266290119                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           3375445                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        56289398                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45052330                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            113                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     352197158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         3.595401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.108898                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            25044904      7.11%      7.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            57756208     16.40%     23.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            43628339     12.39%     35.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            39753653     11.29%     47.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            43317394     12.30%     59.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            27810686      7.90%     67.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           114508808     32.51%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              376908      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 258      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       352197158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                69750320    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    20      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     39      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    81      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              1292      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            1187517606     93.78%     93.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              7875209      0.62%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   105      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                2056      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     94.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             54011643      4.27%     98.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            16882208      1.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1266290119                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           3.594936                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    69750460                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.055083                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         2957897722                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        1338338489                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1259531331                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                5579                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               3109                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         2728                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1336036466                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    2821                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         14625493                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         5322                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           31                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          194                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         3391                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            8                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            22                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                7881895                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                    5423                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    75                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          1282052013                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               399                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              54012891                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             16883407                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 42                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     29                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            194                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            571                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2251939                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              2252510                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1259536028                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              54011059                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           6754091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     70892939                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                186761028                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   16881880                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     3.575762                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1259534820                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1259534059                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1008630348                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1819791760                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       3.575756                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.554256                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        56292312                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           2252106                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    344315263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     3.559992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.078370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     44668769     12.97%     12.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     95256360     27.67%     40.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     43503286     12.63%     53.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     26441896      7.68%     60.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5626866      1.63%     62.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     11251037      3.27%     65.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     25313611      7.35%     73.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      4500735      1.31%     74.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     87752703     25.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    344315263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            690223543                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1225759704                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       70887585                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      54007569                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                  182259020                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                       2667                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1225757528                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              7875568                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          531      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       1146994345     93.57%     93.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         7875125      0.64%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               98      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           2020      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        54007569      4.41%     98.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       16880016      1.38%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total        1225759704                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              87752703                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   1538614576                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  2571986028                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             551                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           45548                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   690223543                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1225759704                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.510331                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.510331                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.959511                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.959511                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               1596509178                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1063764090                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                      4561                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                     2068                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 782487403                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                723405456                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               439915983                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           395.686627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            39385636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          44756.404545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   395.686627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.772825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.772825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.843750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          78774352                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         78774352                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     39385636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        39385636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      39385636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         39385636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     39385636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        39385636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1100                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1100                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     60084249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60084249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     60084249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60084249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     60084249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60084249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     39386736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39386736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     39386736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     39386736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     39386736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     39386736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54622.044545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54622.044545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54622.044545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54622.044545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54622.044545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54622.044545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          139                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    34.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47702249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47702249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47702249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47702249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47702249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47702249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54145.572077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54145.572077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54145.572077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54145.572077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54145.572077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54145.572077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           225.972860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            56265061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          219785.394531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   225.972860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.220677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.220677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.249023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         112531164                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        112531164                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     39385152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        39385152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     16879909                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16879909                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      56265061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         56265061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     56265061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        56265061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          114                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          114                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     19757250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19757250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      8346250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8346250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     28103500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     28103500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     28103500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     28103500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     39385431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39385431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     16880023                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16880023                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     56265454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     56265454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     56265454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     56265454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000007                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 70814.516129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70814.516129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73212.719298                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73212.719298                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71510.178117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71510.178117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71510.178117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71510.178117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          346                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    49.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          114                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10922750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10922750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8081750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8081750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     19004500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     19004500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     19004500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     19004500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76920.774648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76920.774648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70892.543860                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70892.543860                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74236.328125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74236.328125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74236.328125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74236.328125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
