
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.550603                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2550603285500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2550603285500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  56179                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    72287                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2375661490                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 471120                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1073.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60315997                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      77609994                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    121110528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           487168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5091220                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           310848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4002308                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            131004952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       487168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       310848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          798016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3785472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1521388                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       1494684                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6801544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15138816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             79585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              4857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             62537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15293452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           59148                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           380347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           373671                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               813166                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47483091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              191001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1996085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              121872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1569161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51362340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         191001                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         121872                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             312873                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1484148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             596482                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data             586012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2666641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1484148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47483091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             191001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            2592566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             121872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            2155173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               54028981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15293452                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       813166                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                    15293452                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     813166                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                977025792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                   1755136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   6829888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 131004952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                6801544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                    27424                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                  706426                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           4680                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              955870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              953353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              953267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              953402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              955744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              953745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              953482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              953247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              956258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              953771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             953551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             953111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             956206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             953857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             953612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             953552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                6609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                6381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                6537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                6488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               6470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               6677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               6963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               6844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2550602119500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                      38                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15138816                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  154598                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 754018                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  59148                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1066844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                   1005139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    964469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   1068011                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                    971384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   1033822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2692544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                   2602827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                   3401172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                    112530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                   102949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    95927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    92392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    19066                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    18545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                    18331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                       13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     3258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     6037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     6100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     6078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     6458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     6079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     6047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     6081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     5943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     5910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     6309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     5883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     5894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples      1010962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      973.187598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     908.669037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     201.227455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          22588      2.23%      2.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20116      1.99%      4.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8785      0.87%      5.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2331      0.23%      5.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2167      0.21%      5.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1761      0.17%      5.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9115      0.90%      6.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          858      0.08%      6.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       943241     93.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total        1010962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          6071                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean      2514.580135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    47785.198367                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535          6044     99.56%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::65536-131071            1      0.02%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607            8      0.13%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            6      0.10%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            1      0.02%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::589824-655359            2      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.04858e+06            1      0.02%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            7      0.12%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1.37626e+06-1.44179e+06            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            6071                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          6071                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        17.578158                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       17.392553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        2.387042                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::1                   4      0.07%      0.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::2                   4      0.07%      0.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::3                   2      0.03%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4                   7      0.12%      0.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::5                   2      0.03%      0.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::6                   2      0.03%      0.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::7                   3      0.05%      0.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8                   4      0.07%      0.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::9                   6      0.10%      0.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::10                  2      0.03%      0.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::11                  3      0.05%      0.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::13                  2      0.03%      0.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::14                  4      0.07%      0.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::15                 12      0.20%      0.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               2739     45.12%     46.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                 35      0.58%     46.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18               1542     25.40%     72.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19               1308     21.55%     93.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                 93      1.53%     95.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                 45      0.74%     95.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                 49      0.81%     96.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::23                 58      0.96%     97.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24                 25      0.41%     98.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::25                 17      0.28%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::26                 20      0.33%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::27                 16      0.26%     98.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28                 13      0.21%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::29                 14      0.23%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::30                 14      0.23%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::31                 16      0.26%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32                 10      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            6071                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                   393355196000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              679593221000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  76330140000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       25766.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  44516.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         383.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       51.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       2.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         6.51                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        15.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                   14270645                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     91138                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  85.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       158357.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      93.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     2202343950500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       85170020000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT      263082705750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     54969203                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            16346092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           16346092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             763361                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            763361                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             59148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4680                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4680                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            131444                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           131444                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2383060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1885816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4272670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               34550302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2390486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     16695968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     19094102                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           140204630                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              140204630                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1486938500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3616000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy         17564463000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4735162713                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        37454635709                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    64370                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                51446.531370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    1904863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   129760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    14.679894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle             2513258094500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   36996.902854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    21.266230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4638.850911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     3223.219228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker    10.615555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     3561.358912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2994.317308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.564528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.070783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.049182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.054342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.045690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.785012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65368                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3064                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6835                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55083                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000336                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997437                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 18932032                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                18932032                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        32158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         6860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             505744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             187679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        31450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         7231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             465794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             199404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1436320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          607907                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               607907                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  34                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            58462                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            54465                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               112927                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         32158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          6860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              505744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              246141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         31450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          7231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              465794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              253869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1549247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        32158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         6860                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             505744                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             246141                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        31450                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         7231                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             465794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             253869                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1549247                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             4864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                23117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1628                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1276                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2904                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          74336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          58884                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             133220                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             80498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              4864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             63428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                156337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7502                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            80498                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             4864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            63428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               156337                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2994000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       368000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    537467000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    452401999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       913750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    350167750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    341997500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1686309999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       186492                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       326986                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       513478                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5509515842                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4330037632                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9839553474                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2994000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       368000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    537467000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5961917841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       913750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    350167750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4672035132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     11525863473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2994000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       368000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    537467000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5961917841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       913750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    350167750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4672035132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    11525863473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        32189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         513246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         193841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        31462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         470658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         203948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1459437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       607907                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           607907                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1647                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1291                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2938                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       132798                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       113349                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           246147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        32189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          513246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          326639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        31462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          470658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          317297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1705584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        32189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         513246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         326639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        31462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         470658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         317297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1705584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.031789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.022280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.015840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.988464                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.988381                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.988428                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.559767                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.519493                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.541221                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.246443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.199901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.091662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.246443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.199901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.091662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 96580.645161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       184000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71643.161824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73418.045927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 76145.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71991.724918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75263.534331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72946.749102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   114.552826                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   256.258621                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   176.817493                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74116.388318                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73535.045717                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73859.431572                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 96580.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       184000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71643.161824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74062.931265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 76145.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71991.724918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73658.875134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73724.476439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 96580.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       184000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71643.161824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74062.931265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 76145.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71991.724918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73658.875134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73724.476439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               59148                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    59148                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                81                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 81                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            42                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                81                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1628                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1276                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2904                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        74336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        58884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        133220                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        80456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        63404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           156256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        80456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        63404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          156256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2611500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       343500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    442660000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    373109249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       763750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    288530250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    284079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1392097249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16281628                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12763275                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29044903                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4584247158                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3597170868                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8181418026                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2611500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       343500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    442660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4957356407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       763750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    288530250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3881249868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9573515275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2611500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       343500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    442660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4957356407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       763750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    288530250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3881249868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9573515275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6521499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  83889052500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  83054276000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 166949849999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   8950146108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   8426611000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17376757108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6521499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  92839198608                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  91480887000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 184326607107                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.988464                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.988381                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988428                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.559767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.519493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.541221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.246315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.199825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.091614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.246315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.199825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 84241.935484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       171750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59068.588204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60965.563562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 63645.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59405.033972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62849.336283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60431.379102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10002.566614                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10001.688361                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61669.274080                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 61089.105156                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61412.836106                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 84241.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       171750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59068.588204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61615.745339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 63645.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59405.033972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 61214.590057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61268.145063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 84241.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       171750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59068.588204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61615.745339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 63645.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59405.033972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 61214.590057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61268.145063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    58427348                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2677396                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2677395                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            763361                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           763361                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           607907                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2938                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             7                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2945                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           246147                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          246147                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1969203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      5796633                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        38454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       149595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7953885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     62977408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     85532246                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        56372                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       254604                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          148820630                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             148820630                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus          204356                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4962673723                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4436346984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4483051170                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          24406904                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          86367392                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      48420315                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             16322169                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            16322169                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        30038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         7940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio          522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2383060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                32660692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        39333                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        15880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio         1044                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         2060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2390486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total            123501014                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus               123501014                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21111000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              3975000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               522000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               521000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy         15138816000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374883000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         38146923291                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                7527303                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          6005482                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           376664                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4812068                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                3910560                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            81.265685                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 724420                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             38989                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    25762472                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     39475                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    6143291                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                    10324                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         514                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                752                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    5580                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                     1376                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   262                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      639                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                25801947                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                6153615                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         31905763                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          49799                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     31955562                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     5893431                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      7431                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         514                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                752                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2617                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     1506                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 5900862                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          5893431                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           7431                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      5900862                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       242264674                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          15531926                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      45587183                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    7527303                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4634980                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     10285875                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2434733                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                     89107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              50171859                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             2068                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        54478                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1474048                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          435                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  5891523                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               366856                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3025                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          79291736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.723314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.072188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                69012854     87.04%     87.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  680232      0.86%     87.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  874808      1.10%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1172230      1.48%     90.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1090891      1.38%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  557599      0.70%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1295199      1.63%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  379880      0.48%     94.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4228043      5.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            79291736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.031071                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.188171                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                16635366                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             51194908                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  9213198                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               653944                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1592125                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved             1010665                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                90813                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              54600074                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               300654                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1592125                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                17527482                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               20299787                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      27625200                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  8910460                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3334547                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              52031373                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                485563                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              2176301                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents             182                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           53736698                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            241285167                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       220106334                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups             4864                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             39390817                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                14345881                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            590593                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        539084                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  6947132                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            10055649                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            6962422                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1056834                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1358453                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  48348288                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1003135                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 62086915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            89013                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9905639                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24691410                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        254686                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79291736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.783019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.501466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           56790483     71.62%     71.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            7331291      9.25%     80.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3517102      4.44%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2900884      3.66%     88.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6182474      7.80%     96.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1488398      1.88%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             785922      0.99%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             230106      0.29%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              65076      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79291736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  31039      0.70%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     1      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4198728     94.33%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               221343      4.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            14970      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             29137192     46.93%     46.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               47374      0.08%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 11      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              7      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          1226      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc           10      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            26440432     42.59%     89.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            6445693     10.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              62086915                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.256277                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    4451111                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.071692                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         208044448                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         59266351                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     43285904                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              10871                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              5830                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         4924                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              66517304                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   5752                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          316537                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2144033                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4052                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        15721                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       849604                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     17082730                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       349385                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1592125                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               15682380                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               239912                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           49471978                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           105539                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             10055649                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6962422                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            704937                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 56286                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4027                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         15721                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        184221                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       145235                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              329456                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             61023718                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             26110824                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1063197                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       120555                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    32498156                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 5982225                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   6387332                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.251889                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      60528797                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     43290828                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 23369621                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 42956226                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.178692                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.544033                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9786876                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         748449                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           287258                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     77699611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.472024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     63277588     81.44%     81.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7407512      9.53%     90.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1967451      2.53%     93.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1105852      1.42%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       852897      1.10%     96.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       576328      0.74%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       737114      0.95%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       349768      0.45%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1425101      1.83%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     77699611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            30084753                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              39225066                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14024434                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7911616                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     209739                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   5192960                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      4874                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 34907078                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              509367                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        25154804     64.13%     64.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          44602      0.11%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc         1226      0.00%     64.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7911616     20.17%     84.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6112818     15.58%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         39225066                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1425101                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   124324951                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   99658992                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         907419                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                      162972938                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  2247980405                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   30002566                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     39142879                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              8.074798                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        8.074798                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.123842                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.123842                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               277224657                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               43993248                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    44815                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   42286                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads              137449038                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                580454                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           984532                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.571226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           10502635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           985044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.662097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       7040991250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   317.697202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   193.874025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.620502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.378660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         12553911                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        12553911                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      5335132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      5167503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10502635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      5335132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      5167503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        10502635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      5335132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      5167503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       10502635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       556266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       509949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1066215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       556266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       509949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1066215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       556266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       509949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1066215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7659182978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6870398274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14529581252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7659182978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6870398274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  14529581252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7659182978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6870398274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  14529581252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      5891398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      5677452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11568850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      5891398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      5677452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11568850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      5891398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      5677452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11568850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.094420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.089820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.092163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.094420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.089820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.094420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.089820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13768.921663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13472.716436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13627.252714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13768.921663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13472.716436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13627.252714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13768.921663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13472.716436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13627.252714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6572                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          144                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              397                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.554156                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          144                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        42425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        38728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        81153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        42425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        38728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        42425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        38728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       513841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       471221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       985062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       513841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       471221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       985062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       513841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       471221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       985062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6224566388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5591223594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11815789982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6224566388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5591223594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11815789982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6224566388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5591223594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11815789982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      8993000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8993000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      8993000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8993000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.087219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.082999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.087219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.082999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.087219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.082999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12113.798603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11865.395630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11994.970857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12113.798603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11865.395630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11994.970857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12113.798603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11865.395630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11994.970857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           643424                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.993257                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           21526419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           643936                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.429439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         43468250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   254.820066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   257.173192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.497695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.502291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        101635836                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       101635836                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      7044250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      6727132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13771382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3751595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      3509581                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7261176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       116856                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       126271                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       243127                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       119516                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       128128                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247644                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10795845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     10236713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        21032558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10795845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     10236713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       21032558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       335526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       413210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       748736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1620906                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1341470                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2962376                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7397                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         6130                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13527                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1956432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1754680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3711112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1956432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1754680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3711112                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5370959618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6018353236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11389312854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  84349105443                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  64286693931                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 148635799374                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    105098996                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     82392993                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    187491989                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        26000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        65000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        91000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  89720065061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  70305047167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 160025112228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  89720065061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  70305047167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 160025112228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7379776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      7140342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14520118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5372501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      4851051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10223552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       124253                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       132401                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       256654                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       119518                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       128133                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12752277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     11991393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24743670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12752277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     11991393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24743670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.045466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.057870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.301704                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.276532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.289760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059532                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.046299                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.052705                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000039                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.153418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.146328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.149982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.153418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.146328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16007.580986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14564.877994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15211.386729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52038.246168                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47922.572947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50174.521862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14208.327160                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13440.945024                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13860.574333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45859.025543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40067.161629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43120.528895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45859.025543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40067.161629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43120.528895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        36695                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        25289                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             3463                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            288                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.596304                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    87.809028                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       607907                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           607907                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       148329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       214670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       362999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1486511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1226891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2713402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          703                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          661                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1364                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1634840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1441561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3076401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1634840                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1441561                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3076401                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       187197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       198540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       385737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       134395                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       114579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       248974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6694                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5469                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12163                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       321592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       313119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       634711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       321592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       313119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       634711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2595681199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2634071602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5229752801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6377279279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5102642760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11479922039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     83521753                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     63731007                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147252760                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        22000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        55000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        77000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8972960478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7736714362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16709674840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8972960478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7736714362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16709674840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  91614967500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  90722197000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182337164500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13706653581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  13072228739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26778882320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 105321621081                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 103794425739                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209116046820                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023619                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024353                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.053874                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.041306                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047391                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13866.040583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13267.208633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13557.819968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47451.759954                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44533.839185                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46108.919160                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12477.106812                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11653.137137                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12106.615144                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27901.690583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24708.543276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26326.430202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27901.690583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24708.543276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26326.430202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                7300035                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          5887077                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           345091                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             4651296                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                3771120                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            81.076758                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 673548                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect             34495                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    25450161                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     36388                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5568332                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     8538                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         510                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                687                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    5495                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                     2244                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   247                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      710                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                25486549                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5576870                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         31018493                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          44926                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     31063419                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     5679651                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      6870                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         510                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                687                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    2692                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     1570                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 5686521                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          5679651                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           6870                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      5686521                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       236844574                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          14466322                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      45074741                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    7300035                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4444668                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                      9928510                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                2284755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                     83810                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              49428019                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1085                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1865                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        44064                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1232877                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          132                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  5677454                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               353029                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3058                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          76760101                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.724873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.076516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                66839787     87.08%     87.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  628644      0.82%     87.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  837705      1.09%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1128430      1.47%     90.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1025116      1.34%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  549692      0.72%     92.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1265677      1.65%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  371391      0.48%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 4113659      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            76760101                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.030822                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.190314                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                15575790                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             50164874                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                  8875530                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               651724                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               1490012                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved              958602                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                85804                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              53028773                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts               286820                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               1490012                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                16419373                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               19259514                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      27698423                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                  8639214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              3251470                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              50560580                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                  221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                607469                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              2007282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents             572                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           52946210                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            233908561                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       213841042                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups             5698                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             39345682                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                13600527                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            580708                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        537933                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  6505084                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads             9729570                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            6369599                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads           877361                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1114434                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  47034811                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             984793                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 60942495                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            91566                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9279731                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23349761                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        250555                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     76760101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.793935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.504235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           54532875     71.04%     71.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            7326090      9.54%     80.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3469207      4.52%     85.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2884980      3.76%     88.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6118042      7.97%     96.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1370862      1.79%     98.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             772587      1.01%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             222613      0.29%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              62845      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       76760101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  29035      0.66%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     5      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4177111     94.84%     95.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               198082      4.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            13548      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             28887832     47.40%     47.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               46127      0.08%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 14      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             11      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           887      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc           11      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            26105748     42.84%     90.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5888317      9.66%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              60942495                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.257310                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    4404233                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.072269                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         203173539                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         57307144                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     42269826                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              12116                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              6726                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         5381                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              65326800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   6380                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          306796                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1984154                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3003                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        15089                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       749009                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     17027364                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       331342                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               1490012                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               14823463                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles               222107                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           48121220                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            96425                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9729570                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6369599                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            709638                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 48371                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4239                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         15089                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        167591                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       133565                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              301156                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             59912848                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             25789830                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1029647                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       101616                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    31626536                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 5854246                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   5836706                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.252963                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      59450905                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     42275207                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 23556720                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 42880647                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.178493                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.549356                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9147109                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         734238                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           260548                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     75270089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.511960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.483838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     60996835     81.04%     81.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7463530      9.92%     90.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1923766      2.56%     93.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1066165      1.42%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       822611      1.09%     96.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       493470      0.66%     96.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       696092      0.92%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       369554      0.49%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1438066      1.91%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     75270089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            30381625                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              38535309                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      13366006                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      7745416                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     193947                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   5114433                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      5338                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 34292499                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              482077                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        25125071     65.20%     65.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          43345      0.11%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc          887      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7745416     20.10%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5620590     14.59%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total         38535309                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              1438066                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   120626402                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   96898257                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         866184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                      160084473                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  2317121408                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   30313431                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     38467115                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              7.813189                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        7.813189                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.127989                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.127989                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               271901021                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               43646883                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                    45279                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                   42402                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads              133121444                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                593543                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1734475259291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1734475259291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1734475259291                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1734475259291                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   83062                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
