
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.294424                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                294424123500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               294424123500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  95652                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   173909                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               62897137                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 645580                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4681.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   447748913                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     814073347                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           44224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          276288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             320512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        44224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         44224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             4317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                5008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             150205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data             938401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               1088606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        150205                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           150205                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            150205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data            938401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total              1088606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        5008                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      5008                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 320512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  320512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  294424053000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  5008                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    505.914422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   340.456129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   380.584128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          107     16.96%     16.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           68     10.78%     27.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          156     24.72%     52.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           51      8.08%     60.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           21      3.33%     63.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      2.69%     66.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      1.90%     68.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      1.58%     70.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          189     29.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     31816500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               125716500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   25040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      6353.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25103.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         1.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      1.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     4369                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                   58790745.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    87.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::IDLE   283828021500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::REF      9831380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::ACT       762343500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.membus.throughput                      1088606                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2672                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2672                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2336                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2336                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        10022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        10022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       320512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       320512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total              320512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 320512                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6295000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           47318497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4190.187520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.278015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2438.528843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        537.174834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       1214.483842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.074418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.016393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.037063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.127874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4676                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.142700                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    129321                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   129321                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst                  117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data                 2543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    2660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             5631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  5631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               1765                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1765                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                   117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                  4308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     4425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                  117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                 4308                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    4425                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data               1981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  2673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             2336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                2336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                4317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   5009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                692                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data               4317                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  5009                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     50022000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    134151500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       184173500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    157092500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     157092500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      50022000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     291244000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        341266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     50022000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    291244000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       341266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst              809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data             4524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                5333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              5631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           4101                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              4101                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data              8625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data             8625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.855377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.437887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.501219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.569617                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.569617                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.855377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.500522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.530952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.855377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.500522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.530952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72286.127168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67719.081272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68901.421624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67248.501712                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67248.501712                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72286.127168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67464.442900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68130.564983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72286.127168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67464.442900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68130.564983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          1981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             2673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           2336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data           4317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              5009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          4317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             5009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41362000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    109173000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150535000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        30003                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        30003                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    127356000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127356000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41362000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    236529000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    277891000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41362000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    236529000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    277891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.855377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.437887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.501219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.569617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.855377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.530952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.855377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.530952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59771.676301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55110.045432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56316.872428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54518.835616                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54518.835616                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59771.676301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54790.132036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55478.338990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59771.676301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54790.132036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55478.338990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                     3275166                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               5336                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              5335                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             5631                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        22887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 24507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        51712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       912384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total             964096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus                964096                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus             192                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           13166500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1334750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          13858003                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                62757760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          62757760                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           1891138                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             30276269                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                30205473                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.766167                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    2773                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                172                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   26                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        588848249                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           62438367                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      526275989                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    62757760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           30208246                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     153942207                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                17741235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles              354621276                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   50                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           350                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  62309011                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  4719                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          586851463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.628961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.157654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                462885853     78.88%     78.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     4833      0.00%     78.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   119356      0.02%     78.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                     6048      0.00%     78.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                   227460      0.04%     78.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   220863      0.04%     78.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1661658      0.28%     79.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 30090516      5.13%     84.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 91634876     15.61%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            586851463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.106577                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.893738                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                139529637                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             307725743                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  76960815                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              46786055                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               15849213                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              954238852                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               15849213                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                168319395                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                83286129                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles            975                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  95172262                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             224223489                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              940713966                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                  2100                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents              218439418                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents               5583953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          1335074796                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            2197961810                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       1632203001                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups            127585                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1152224490                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                182850306                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 44                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             42                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 482168792                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            181451886                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            30669646                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads          56744352                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         26768611                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  936063137                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 164                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 841613680                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              4682                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       121976152                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    248595866                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            138                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     586851463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.434117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.492845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           158788547     27.06%     27.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           232182935     39.56%     66.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           105440954     17.97%     84.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            14197982      2.42%     87.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            50566992      8.62%     95.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             2108473      0.36%     95.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            21906560      3.73%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             1566962      0.27%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               92058      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       586851463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     579     76.49%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    11      1.45%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     77.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     17      2.25%     80.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   150     19.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            349761      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             601895321     71.52%     71.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             50106141      5.95%     77.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                776956      0.09%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               50600      0.01%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     77.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            161200485     19.15%     96.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            27234416      3.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              841613680                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.429254                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         757                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.000001                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         2269949561                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        1057971232                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    839104480                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              134701                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              69418                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        67191                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              841197312                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   67364                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         25445353                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     25804737                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1201                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3549885                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            53                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               15849213                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 9123555                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                556098                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           936063301                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             11114                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             181451886                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             30669646                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 36                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   2510                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           1201                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            549                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1998595                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              1999144                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             841060423                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             161092513                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            553257                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    188326526                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 58867553                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   27234013                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.428314                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      839284202                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     839171671                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 675600019                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1184323343                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.425107                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.570452                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       121989968                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              26                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           1891180                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    571002250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.425692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.945519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    208032502     36.43%     36.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    205647050     36.02%     72.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     74551810     13.06%     85.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5212589      0.91%     86.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26545847      4.65%     91.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     23357925      4.09%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       206002      0.04%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       112315      0.02%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     27336210      4.79%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    571002250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            447748913                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              814073347                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      182766910                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     155647149                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   55435320                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                      66704                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 813794873                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                 1715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       230994      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        580144945     71.26%     71.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        50103276      6.15%     77.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           776950      0.10%     77.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          50272      0.01%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       155647149     19.12%     96.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       27119761      3.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         814073347                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              27336210                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   1479729355                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  1887975909                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                          667188                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         1996786                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   447748913                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     814073347                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.315130                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.315130                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.760381                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.760381                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               1433333121                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               804659548                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                    125587                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                    60790                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 204089064                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                376378270                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               309158676                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               382                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           391.972062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            62307968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          77113.821782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   391.972062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.765570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.765570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         124618833                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        124618833                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     62307968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        62307968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      62307968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         62307968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     62307968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        62307968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1043                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1043                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65878250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65878250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65878250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65878250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65878250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65878250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     62309011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     62309011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     62309011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     62309011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     62309011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     62309011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63162.272291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63162.272291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63162.272291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63162.272291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63162.272291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63162.272291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           67                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52012750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52012750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52012750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52012750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52012750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52012750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64055.110837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64055.110837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64055.110837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64055.110837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64055.110837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64055.110837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements              7601                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.737108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           162756975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              8625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          18870.373913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         317372250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.737108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          562                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         325542883                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        325542883                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    135640931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       135640931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     27116040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       27116040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     162756971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        162756971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    162756971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       162756971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         6053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          6053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         4105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        10158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          10158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        10158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         10158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    242419751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    242419751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    188229003                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    188229003                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    430648754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    430648754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    430648754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    430648754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    135646984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135646984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     27120145                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     27120145                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    162767129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    162767129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    162767129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    162767129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 40049.521064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40049.521064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45853.593910                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45853.593910                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 42395.033865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42395.033865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 42395.033865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42395.033865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          342                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           38                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              5631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         1529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data         1530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data         1530                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1530                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         8628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         8628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    164132000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    164132000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    178913497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178913497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    343045497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    343045497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    343045497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    343045497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36280.282935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36280.282935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43594.906676                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43594.906676                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 39759.561544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39759.561544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 39759.561544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39759.561544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
