
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.133875                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5133874673500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5133874673500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 236000                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   469116                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4968557721                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 928744                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1033.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   243852609                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     484724493                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      2445440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           500480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5911104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           139776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          1689280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           309696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2752128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             13749568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       500480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       139776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       309696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          949952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9083392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9083392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        38210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             92361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             26395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              4839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             43002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                214837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          141928                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               141928                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       476334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            62                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst               97486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1151392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               27226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              329046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               60324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              536072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2678205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          97486                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          27226                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          60324                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             185036                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1769305                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1769305                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1769305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       476334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           62                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst              97486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1151392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              27226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             329046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              60324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data             536072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4447510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         96612                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        73475                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       96612                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      73475                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  6177024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      6144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4701248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   6183168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                4702400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            831                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                5404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                5964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                6149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                6338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                5414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                6001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                5201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                6053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                5779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                5783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               5919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               5801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               6766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               6809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               6844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               6291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                4307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                4604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                4694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                4750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                4088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                4371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                3767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                4522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                4168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                4368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               4606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               4444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               5448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               5248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               5481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               4591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    5132874544500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   96612                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  73475                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     73469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      2797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      1564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      1988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      1759                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      1657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      1283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                       996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                      745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     3456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     3620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     3779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     4073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     4198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     4250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     4441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     4429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     4453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     4398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     4414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        35709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      304.633118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     178.344584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     328.042030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          13828     38.72%     38.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8395     23.51%     62.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3582     10.03%     72.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1962      5.49%     77.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1409      3.95%     81.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          988      2.77%     84.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          701      1.96%     86.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          566      1.59%     88.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4278     11.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          35709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          4100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        23.539756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      117.618727                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            4089     99.73%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::256-511             8      0.20%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::512-767             1      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            4100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          4100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        17.916341                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.808533                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        6.372443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-1                61      1.49%      1.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::2-3                 8      0.20%      1.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-5                 2      0.05%      1.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::6-7                 3      0.07%      1.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-9                 1      0.02%      1.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::10-11               1      0.02%      1.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-13               1      0.02%      1.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::14-15               5      0.12%      2.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-17            2769     67.54%     69.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18-19             821     20.02%     89.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-21              36      0.88%     90.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22-23              38      0.93%     91.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-25              31      0.76%     92.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::26-27              30      0.73%     92.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-29              54      1.32%     94.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::30-31              53      1.29%     95.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-33              24      0.59%     96.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::34-35              28      0.68%     96.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-37              12      0.29%     97.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::38-39              22      0.54%     97.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-41              34      0.83%     98.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::42-43              16      0.39%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-45              10      0.24%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::46-47               6      0.15%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-49               8      0.20%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::50-51               2      0.05%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-53               4      0.10%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::54-55               5      0.12%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-57               2      0.05%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::58-59               2      0.05%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-61               1      0.02%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::62-63               8      0.20%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::66-67               1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::78-79               1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            4100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2438372750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                4248047750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    482580000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       25263.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  44013.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        1.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         7.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      79177                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     55086                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  74.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     30177935.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      78.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     4939989054000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF      171431260000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       22454242000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.membus.throughput                      6437004                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              422289                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             422287                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               6118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              6118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             73475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              843                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             843                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             76388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            76388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq              850                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp             850                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         1700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total         1700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       308658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio       497514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       204215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1010391                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        69253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        69253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1081344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         3400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         3400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       158115                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio       995025                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      8047552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total      9200692                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2838016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2838016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            12042108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               32720690                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus           326080                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           162128500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           315102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1700000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy           806327999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                2500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy             850000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1598914090                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer4.occupancy          224687998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   103794                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64810.608353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    3657966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   167984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    21.775681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   51486.278563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.125055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1295.377972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     4270.696448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      302.542141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     1483.932036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker     7.824361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1349.140567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     4614.691210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.785618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.019766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.065166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.004616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.022643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.020586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.070415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.988931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        64190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        53256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.979462                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 33587388                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                33587388                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        20605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        11266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             339595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             520668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        10906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             151391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             219548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        53731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         8985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             345046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             563659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2251830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::total                     2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1542066                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              1542066                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             135                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              52                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              72                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 259                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            66169                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            39322                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            60638                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               166129                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         20605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         11268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              339595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              586837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         10906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          6430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              151391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              258870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         53731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker          8985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              345046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              624297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2417961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        20605                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        11268                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             339595                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             586837                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        10906                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6430                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             151391                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             258870                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        53731                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         8985                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             345046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             624297                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2417961                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data            15227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             2184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             4840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data            13473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                47642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           650                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           279                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           401                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              1330                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          77547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          22505                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          29870                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             129922                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             92774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             26576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              4840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             43343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                177564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7821                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            92774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2184                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            26576                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             4840                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            43343                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               177564                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    158048000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    307638493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      1706500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    369793991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1035932237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1873119221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4516343                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3653343                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      8169686                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1564766446                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2136302067                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3701068513                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    158048000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1872404939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      1706500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    369793991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3172234304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      5574187734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    158048000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1872404939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      1706500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    369793991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3172234304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     5574187734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        20605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        11271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         347416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         535895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        10906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         153575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         223619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        53752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         8985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         349886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         577132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2299472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::total                 2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1542066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          1542066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          785                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          331                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          473                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1589                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       143716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        61827                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        90508                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           296051                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        20605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        11273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          347416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          679611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        10906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          153575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          285446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        53752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         8985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          349886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          667640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2595525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        20605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        11273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         347416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         679611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        10906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         153575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         285446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        53752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         8985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         349886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         667640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2595525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.022512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.028414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.018205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.013833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.023345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.020719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.828025                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.842900                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.847780                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.837004                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.539585                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.364000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.330026                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.438850                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.022512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.136510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.014221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.093103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.013833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.064920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.068412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.022512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.136510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.093103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.013833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.064920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.068412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72366.300366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75568.286170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 81261.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76403.717149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76889.500260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39316.553062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16187.609319                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9110.581047                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6142.621053                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69529.724328                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 71519.988852                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28486.849902                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72366.300366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70454.731299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 81261.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76403.717149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73189.080221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31392.555552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72366.300366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70454.731299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 81261.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76403.717149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73189.080221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31392.555552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               95261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    95261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        13473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          279                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          401                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          680                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22505                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        29870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         52375                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        26576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        43343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            76963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        26576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        43343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           76963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    130319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    256773507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      1447000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    309153509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    867568261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1565261277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3390267                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4022901                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7413168                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1276355554                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1752679887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3029035441                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    130319000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1533129061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      1447000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    309153509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2620248148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4594296718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    130319000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1533129061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      1447000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    309153509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2620248148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4594296718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28014543000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  30421291000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  58435834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    368226500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    707215000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1075441500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28382769500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  31128506000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  59511275500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.023345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.842900                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.847780                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427942                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.364000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.330026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.176912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.093103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.064920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.029652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.093103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.064920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59669.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63073.816507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 68904.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63887.891920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 64393.101833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63659.560639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12151.494624                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10032.172070                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10901.717647                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56714.310331                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 58676.929595                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57833.612239                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59669.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57688.480622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 68904.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63887.891920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60453.779111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59694.875694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59669.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57688.480622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 68904.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63887.891920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60453.779111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59694.875694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                47575                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.089403                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                47591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         5000209950509                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.089403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.005588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.005588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               428670                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              428670                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             47630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47630                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            47630                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    131527041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131527041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5824382656                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5824382656                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5955909697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5955909697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5955909697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5955909697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           47630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          47630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 144535.209890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 144535.209890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 124665.724658                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124665.724658                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 125045.343208                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125045.343208                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 125045.343208                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125045.343208                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         88795                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.828659                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        24176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        24909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        24909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        24909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     93385041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93385041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4566242660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4566242660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4659627701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4659627701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4659627701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4659627701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.805495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.517466                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.517466                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.522969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.522969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 127401.147340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127401.147340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 188875.027300                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188875.027300                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 187066.028383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187066.028383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 187066.028383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187066.028383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    52260442                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1795853                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1795321                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              6118                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             6118                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           903975                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             804                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            804                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           176511                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          152342                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1006951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3618137                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side        34540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       139444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               4799072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     32221504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    120018356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       123320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       517264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          152880444                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             268161042                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus          137520                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5048228823                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2267749080                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4703679799                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          19140467                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          74891774                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                       1277477                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq               149797                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp              149797                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               29441                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              29441                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               850                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              850                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         5466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       287110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist.pio           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        13026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         2064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       308658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        49818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total        49818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         1700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  360176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           18                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         3084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          279                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           19                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio            9                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       143555                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist.pio           43                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio         6513                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         4128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       158115                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1583592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      1583592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         3400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              1745107                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 6558405                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2044244                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                28000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              4518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                 1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy               367000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                33000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy            143556000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy              178000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy               86000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy             9750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy           220209699                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           303393000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            30099002                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              850000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1160444400                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   72635405                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    147758080                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            135731001                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1010341                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     14309822                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   135731001                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          249546871                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         116495894                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            84252648                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           56217158                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     14168966                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10366088                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3802878                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1101978015.213226                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              58466384.786774                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.050383                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.949617                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         15683494                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               100234      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                133376064     90.27%     90.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   62929      0.04%     90.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    50413      0.03%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10366088      7.02%     97.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3802878      2.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 147758606                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           850385                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.795763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          129494152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           850897                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           152.185461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     147465545000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   306.120317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   137.033154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    67.642292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.597891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.267643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.132114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        131214879                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       131214879                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     88330268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     38415630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2748254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      129494152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     88330268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     38415630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2748254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       129494152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     88330268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     38415630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2748254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      129494152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       347417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       153575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       368828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       869820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       347417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       153575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       368828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        869820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       347417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       153575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       368828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       869820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2140572500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5126974995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7267547495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2140572500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5126974995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7267547495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2140572500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5126974995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7267547495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     88677685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     38569205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      3117082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    130363972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     88677685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     38569205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      3117082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    130363972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     88677685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     38569205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      3117082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    130363972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.118325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.118325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.118325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13938.287482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13900.720648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8355.231536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13938.287482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13900.720648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8355.231536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13938.287482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13900.720648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8355.231536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2303                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              142                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.218310                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        18913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        18913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        18913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       153575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       349915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       503490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       153575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       349915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       503490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       153575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       349915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       503490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1832623500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4249045164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6081668664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1832623500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4249045164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6081668664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1832623500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4249045164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6081668664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.112257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.112257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.112257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11933.084812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12143.078073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12079.025728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11933.084812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12143.078073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12079.025728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11933.084812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12143.078073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12079.025728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1632172                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           19616450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1632684                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.014848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          7549500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   243.807235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   263.156885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     5.035294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.476186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.513978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.009835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         88185539                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        88185539                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5216887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2373282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      3941483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       11531652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3654093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1632238                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2796808                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8083139                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8870980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      4005520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      6738291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        19614791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8870980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      4005520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      6738291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       19614791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       535895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       223619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       948939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1708453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       144501                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        62158                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       108308                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       314967                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       680396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       285777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1057247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2023420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       680396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       285777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1057247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2023420                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3182430507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  15408252283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18590682790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2166727821                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3257890503                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5424618324                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5349158328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18666142786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24015301114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5349158328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18666142786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24015301114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5752782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2596901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4890422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13240105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3798594                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1694396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2905116                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8398106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      9551376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4291297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      7795538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21638211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      9551376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4291297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      7795538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21638211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.086110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.194040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.129036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038041                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.037282                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037505                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.071235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.066595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.135622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.071235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.066595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.135622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14231.485281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16237.347483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10881.588659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34858.390247                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30079.869474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17222.814847                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18717.945559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17655.422797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11868.668449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18717.945559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17655.422797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11868.668449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       173678                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            11797                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.722218                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1542066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1542066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       371761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       371761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        17373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        17373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       389134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       389134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       389134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       389134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       223619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       577178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       800797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        62158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        90935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       153093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       285777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       668113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       953890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       285777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       668113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       953890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2734176493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8368429033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11102605526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2032053179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2876927496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4908980675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4766229672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11245356529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16011586201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4766229672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11245356529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16011586201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  30475246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  33186567000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  63661813000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    395642000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    753351500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1148993500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  30870888000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  33939918500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  64810806500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.086110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.118022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036684                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031302                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018229                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.066595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.085705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.066595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.085705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12226.941776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14498.870423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13864.444455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32691.740066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31637.185858                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32065.350310                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16678.143000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16831.518813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16785.568777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16678.143000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16831.518813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16785.568777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2606021866                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   34914129                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     67869828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             62995297                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     438942                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      6428622                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    62995297                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          116271710                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          54373007                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            35773638                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           26686136                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4480512                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2784989                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1695523                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2483027076.334052                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              122994789.665948                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.047196                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.952804                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          7029914                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                31008      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 63308003     93.28%     93.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   28040      0.04%     93.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    22580      0.03%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2784989      4.10%     97.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1695523      2.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  67870143                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               28758894                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted         28758894                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           306803                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups            26351534                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits               25737629                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.670325                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 530881                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             61512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.numCycles                       154845080                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9460785                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                     141747704                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   28758894                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          26268510                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     54302787                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                1434244                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                     58972                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles              24471854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                4161                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             6545                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        20028                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          224                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  3117082                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               139514                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   1749                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          89437217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.124405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.409858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                35270123     39.44%     39.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  589507      0.66%     40.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                23704151     26.50%     66.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  307246      0.34%     66.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  603965      0.68%     67.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  802586      0.90%     68.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  334965      0.37%     68.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  517417      0.58%     69.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                27307257     30.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            89437217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.185727                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.915416                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                10926187                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             23367960                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 31523393                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              1298286                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles               1115198                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             278635226                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                   49                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles               1115198                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                11921655                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles               13834152                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       4411879                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 31656208                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              5292001                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             277656292                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                 6764                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               2483668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents              2130930                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          331880087                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            604361998                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       371268132                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups                6                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            321920244                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                 9959841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            147988                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        148926                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 11485411                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             6218482                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3410117                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           341148                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          274139                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 276004640                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             412430                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                274449569                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            59781                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7023554                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10820295                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         55045                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     89437217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        3.068628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.396853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26098480     29.18%     29.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6131096      6.86%     36.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3936751      4.40%     40.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2730796      3.05%     43.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           25025448     27.98%     71.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1337810      1.50%     72.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           23830586     26.65%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             291775      0.33%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              54475      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       89437217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 125312     33.75%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   120      0.03%     33.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                    109      0.03%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     33.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                191005     51.44%     85.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                54802     14.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            76601      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            264560846     96.40%     96.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               54414      0.02%     96.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                50942      0.02%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             6508971      2.37%     98.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3197795      1.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             274449569                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.772414                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     371348                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001353                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         638809448                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        283444416                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    273102485                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 12                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 6                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            6                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses             274744310                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      6                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          641561                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       993516                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         6753                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4280                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       500329                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       656426                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        10045                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles               1115198                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                9119918                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               823405                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          276417070                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            70631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6218482                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3410117                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            233790                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                637954                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3900                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          4280                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        173413                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       173644                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              347057                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            273959168                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6398525                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           490400                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     9531292                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                27864904                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3132767                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.769247                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     273810478                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    273102491                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                212979431                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                348314367                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.763714                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.611457                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7316358                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         357385                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           309115                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     88322018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     3.046767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.870309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     30852434     34.93%     34.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4395307      4.98%     39.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1238857      1.40%     41.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     24650858     27.91%     69.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       865215      0.98%     70.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       585749      0.66%     70.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       347954      0.39%     71.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23291491     26.37%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2094153      2.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     88322018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts           136303075                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             269096585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       8134753                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      5224965                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                     164376                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                  27532187                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                245708361                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              429087                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        43848      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       260815603     96.92%     96.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          52558      0.02%     96.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           49823      0.02%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        5224965      1.94%     98.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2909788      1.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        269096585                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              2094153                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   362613065                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  553944877                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         473034                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                       65407863                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  4900873955                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  136303075                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    269096585                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.136035                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.136035                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.880254                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.880254                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               364552649                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes              218803003                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    72918                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   72968                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                139316304                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes               107298284                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               88761943                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                132629                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
