
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.905651                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1905651402000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1905651402000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 124387                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   124387                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4179760275                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 352908                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   455.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56710998                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56710998                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           897600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         24800576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2649600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            78720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           431296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28857792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       897600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        78720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          976320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7816896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7816896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             14025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            387509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              1230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data              6739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                450903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          122139                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               122139                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              471020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            13014225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1390391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               41309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              226325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15143269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         471020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          41309                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             512329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4101955                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4101955                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4101955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             471020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           13014225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1390391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              41309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             226325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               19245224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        450903                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       122139                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      450903                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     122139                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 28848704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      9088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7815360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  28857792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7816896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      142                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           4858                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               28020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               28240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               28746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               28309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               27973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               28180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               28116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               27456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               27700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               28070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              27744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              28151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              28476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              28764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              28477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              28339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                8222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                6944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               7547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               8234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               8082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           8                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1905651381000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  450903                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 122139                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    319686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     41704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     44614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      8998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      2006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      4380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      3959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      3971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      2562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      2247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     2201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     2095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     1646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     1635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     1944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     1926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                     2121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                     1207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      885                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                       13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                       11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     2413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     5168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     5369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     5553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     5837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     6174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     6527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     7038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     6311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     6522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     6544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     6265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                     1002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                     1094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                     1000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                     1212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                     1261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                     1239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                     1319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                     1407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                     1623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                     1831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                     2000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                     1833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                     1809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                     1672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                     1691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                     1834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                     1598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                      177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                      118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        66611                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      550.416718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     337.147598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     420.487836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          14710     22.08%     22.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11156     16.75%     38.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5022      7.54%     46.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2851      4.28%     50.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2435      3.66%     54.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1624      2.44%     56.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1521      2.28%     59.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1728      2.59%     61.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        25564     38.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          66611                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          7169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        62.875994                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2479.971838                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           7166     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            7169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          7169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        17.033756                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.809188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        3.694603                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               5699     79.50%     79.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                 43      0.60%     80.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                713      9.95%     90.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                256      3.57%     93.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                102      1.42%     95.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                 22      0.31%     95.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                 28      0.39%     95.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::23                 86      1.20%     96.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24                 18      0.25%     97.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::25                 42      0.59%     97.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::26                 15      0.21%     97.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::27                 21      0.29%     98.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28                 11      0.15%     98.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::29                 10      0.14%     98.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::30                  3      0.04%     98.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::31                 26      0.36%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32                  2      0.03%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::35                  2      0.03%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36                  2      0.03%     99.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::37                  1      0.01%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::38                  1      0.01%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::39                  4      0.06%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40                  3      0.04%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::41                  6      0.08%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::42                  2      0.03%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::43                  1      0.01%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44                  3      0.04%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::45                  5      0.07%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::47                 11      0.15%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48                  5      0.07%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::49                  4      0.06%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::50                  1      0.01%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::51                  1      0.01%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::55                  1      0.01%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56                  7      0.10%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::57                 11      0.15%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::58                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            7169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     8930594750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               17382363500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2253805000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       19812.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  38562.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           4.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       15.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        4.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.86                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        25.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     407659                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     98604                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   90.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  80.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3325500.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      88.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     1804524317000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       63633700000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       37488657000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.membus.throughput                     19303809                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              296468                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             296393                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              13039                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             13039                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            122139                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             9699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           5540                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4861                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            162690                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           162297                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           75                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        40466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       920381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio          150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       960997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1085644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        73690                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31367808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     31441498                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5306880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      5306880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            36748378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               36748378                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus            37952                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            37884500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1609423248                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               94500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3824980631                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          376652994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   343977                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65252.773158                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    2582565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   408968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     6.314834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle               7103141750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   53523.190376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     5304.878115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     6147.677864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      207.477812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       69.548991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.816699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.080946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.093806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.003166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.001061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.995678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        64991                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4556                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4338                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        52483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.991684                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 27108862                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                27108862                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             867616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             736617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             210128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              67910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1882271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          822208                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               822208                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             169                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             261                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 430                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            49                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                73                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           154436                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            25581                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               180017                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              867616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              891053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              210128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               93491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2062288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             867616                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             891053                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             210128                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              93491                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2062288                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            14035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           273392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             1238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data              452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               289117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          2673                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1056                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3729                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          406                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          434                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             840                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         114695                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           6342                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             121037                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             14035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            388087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              1238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data              6794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                410154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            14035                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           388087                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             1238                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data             6794                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               410154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1067454245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17881620237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96862500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     35356999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    19081293981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       964468                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4567794                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      5532262                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       972461                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       114995                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1087456                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9393947733                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    639497214                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10033444947                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1067454245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27275567970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96862500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    674854213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     29114738928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1067454245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27275567970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96862500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    674854213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    29114738928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         881651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        1010009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         211366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          68362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2171388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       822208                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           822208                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2842                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1317                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            4159                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          455                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          458                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           913                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       269131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        31923                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           301054                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          881651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         1279140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          211366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          100285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2472442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         881651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        1279140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         211366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         100285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2472442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.270683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.005857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.006612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.133148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.940535                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.801822                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.896610                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.892308                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.947598                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.920044                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.426168                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.198666                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.402044                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.303397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.005857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.067747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.165890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.303397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.005857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.067747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.165890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76056.590310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65406.523369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 78241.114701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78223.449115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65998.519565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   360.818556                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  4325.562500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1483.577903                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2395.224138                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   264.965438                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1294.590476                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81903.724949                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 100835.259224                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82895.684353                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76056.590310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70282.096463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 78241.114701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99330.911540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70984.895742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76056.590310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70282.096463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 78241.114701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99330.911540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70984.895742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               80619                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    80619                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        14026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       273392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          289099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2673                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1056                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3729                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          406                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          434                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          840                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       114695                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6342                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        121037                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        14026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       388087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           410136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        14026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       388087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          410136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    890067005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14473617763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     80840000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     29712501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15474237269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26950129                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     10569046                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37519175                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4153902                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4341434                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8495336                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7989750261                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    560973786                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8550724047                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    890067005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22463368024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     80840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    590686287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24024961316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    890067005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22463368024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     80840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    590686287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24024961316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1367392500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     22035500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1389428000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2022747000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    583651500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2606398500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3390139500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    605687000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3995826500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.270683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.006597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.940535                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.801822                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.896610                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.892308                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.947598                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.920044                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.426168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.198666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.402044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.067737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.165883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.067737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63458.363397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52940.897184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65723.577236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65881.376940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53525.737789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10082.352787                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10008.566288                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10061.457495                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10231.285714                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10003.304147                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10113.495238                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69660.841894                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 88453.766320                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70645.538530                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63458.363397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57882.299649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65723.577236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 86955.143088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58578.035861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63458.363397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57882.299649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65723.577236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 86955.143088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58578.035861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41695                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.491978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1712295759000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.491978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.030749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.030749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375543                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375543                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41727                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21492883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21492883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  12499299192                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  12499299192                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  12520792075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  12520792075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  12520792075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  12520792075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122816.474286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122816.474286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 300811.012514                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 300811.012514                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 300064.516380                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 300064.516380                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 300064.516380                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 300064.516380                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        367481                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                28552                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.870587                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12390883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12390883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10336377204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10336377204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10348768087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10348768087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10348768087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10348768087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70805.045714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70805.045714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 248757.633905                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248757.633905                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 248011.313706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248011.313706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 248011.313706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248011.313706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               12477942                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         10513633                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           331474                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             8127728                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                5283638                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            65.007564                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 797741                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             28790                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8879185                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     30734                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          556                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  627584                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5815647                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     8173                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                         357                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 210225                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    14694832                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                     38907                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          913                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  837809                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     998260                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                    27519                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         894                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                1025779                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       116074371                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          25123779                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      63882467                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   12477942                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           6081379                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     12010156                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1699076                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              37307525                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles               31946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       195411                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       352959                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          191                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  7722540                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               223615                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          76113904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.839301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.177052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                64103748     84.22%     84.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  767865      1.01%     85.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1567652      2.06%     87.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  704812      0.93%     88.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 2586726      3.40%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  521075      0.68%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  575522      0.76%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  832581      1.09%     94.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4453923      5.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            76113904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.107500                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.550358                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                26378411                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             36826325                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 10921760                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               930988                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1056419                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              512680                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                35852                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              62713959                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               107463                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1056419                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                27400432                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               14971568                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      18343259                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 10229394                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              4112830                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              59339079                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 7155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                639099                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              1437135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           39727133                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             72236857                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        72098194                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           129082                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             34929896                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4797229                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts           1458801                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        212309                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 11241570                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9288070                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            6084553                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1139915                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          737819                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  52640864                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1816659                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 51478960                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            92665                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5869250                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3045578                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       1230018                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     76113904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.676341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.327493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           53257398     69.97%     69.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           10376788     13.63%     83.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            4704231      6.18%     89.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3091331      4.06%     93.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2445214      3.21%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1217468      1.60%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             651050      0.86%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             318171      0.42%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              52253      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       76113904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  82049     12.02%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                319124     46.77%     58.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               281213     41.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3785      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             35464091     68.89%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               56550      0.11%     69.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     69.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              15746      0.03%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1879      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9235082     17.94%     86.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5882526     11.43%     98.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            819301      1.59%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              51478960                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.443500                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     682386                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013256                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         179291609                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         60070073                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     50439032                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             555265                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            269219                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       261959                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              51867113                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 290448                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          544569                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1116578                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3845                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12782                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       445374                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        18457                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       142389                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1056419                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               10732956                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               797506                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           57687159                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           618379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9288070                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6084553                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           1600267                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                582946                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 5458                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         12782                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        164537                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       351989                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              516526                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             51092894                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              8933351                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           386065                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                      3229636                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    14770817                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8136394                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   5837466                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.440174                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      50791046                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     50700991                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 25278333                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 34060542                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.436797                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.742159                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6334928                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         586641                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           480870                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     75057485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.682787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.597640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     55774455     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8026658     10.69%     85.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4417430      5.89%     90.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2392691      3.19%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1323184      1.76%     95.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       562724      0.75%     96.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       473653      0.63%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       433129      0.58%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1653561      2.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     75057485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            51248256                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              51248256                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13810671                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8171492                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     199624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7741114                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    259898                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 47457125                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              657479                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      2951389      5.76%      5.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33388118     65.15%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          55525      0.11%     71.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     71.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         15746      0.03%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv          1879      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        8371116     16.33%     87.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5645183     11.02%     98.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess       819300      1.60%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         51248256                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1653561                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   130790454                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  116222813                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                        1101169                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       39960467                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  3695221845                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   48300626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     48300626                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.403165                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.403165                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.416118                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.416118                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                67219449                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               36695614                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   128632                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  130173                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1801385                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                820377                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.toL2Bus.throughput                   111416521                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2199115                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2199023                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             13039                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            13039                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           822208                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            9837                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          5613                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          15450                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           343877                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          302328                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           75                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1763397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3369225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       422759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       294489                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               5849870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     56425664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    130205428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     13527424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     10778278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          210936794                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             210926490                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus         1394560                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4971595549                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           724500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3972568555                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        5889953047                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         951834487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         507907991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                       1435370                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7369                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7369                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               54591                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              54591                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        11870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         2468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        40466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  123920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        47480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         9852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        73690                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              2735314                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 2735314                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             11225000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               353000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             2450000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           380163081                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            27427000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            43193006                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           881127                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          509.683312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            6795719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           881636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             7.708078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      26872936250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   509.683312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          8604286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         8604286                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6795719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6795719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6795719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6795719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6795719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6795719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       926821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       926821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       926821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        926821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       926821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       926821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  13137729759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13137729759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  13137729759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13137729759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  13137729759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13137729759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      7722540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7722540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      7722540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      7722540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      7722540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      7722540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.120015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.120015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.120015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14175.045407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14175.045407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14175.045407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14175.045407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14175.045407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14175.045407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3568                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           70                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              151                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.629139                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           70                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        45075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        45075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        45075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        45075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        45075                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        45075                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       881746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       881746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       881746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       881746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       881746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       881746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10814665187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10814665187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10814665187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10814665187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10814665187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10814665187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.114178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.114178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.114178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12265.057269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12265.057269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12265.057269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12265.057269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12265.057269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12265.057269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1281204                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.636705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           10489009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1281716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.183567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         26139000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   505.636705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.987572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         56677841                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        56677841                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6448265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6448265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3678309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3678309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       163487                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       163487                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       188240                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       188240                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10126574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10126574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10126574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10126574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1590441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1590441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1755180                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1755180                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        20486                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        20486                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         2716                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2716                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      3345621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3345621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      3345621                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3345621                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  40624107085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40624107085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  78713383276                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  78713383276                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    300049994                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    300049994                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20153405                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     20153405                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 119337490361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 119337490361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 119337490361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 119337490361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8038706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8038706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5433489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5433489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       183973                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       183973                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       190956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       190956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     13472195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13472195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     13472195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13472195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.197848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.197848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.323030                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.323030                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.111353                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.111353                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014223                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.014223                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.248335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.248335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.248335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.248335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25542.668408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25542.668408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44846.331018                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44846.331018                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14646.587621                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14646.587621                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7420.252209                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7420.252209                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35669.757681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35669.757681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35669.757681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35669.757681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2966485                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          566                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            48680                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    60.938476                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    80.857143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       754427                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           754427                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       586151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       586151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1480465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1480465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         4562                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         4562                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2066616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2066616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2066616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2066616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1004290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1004290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       274715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       274715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        15924                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        15924                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2716                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2716                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1279005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1279005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1279005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1279005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27273016452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27273016452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11562486348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11562486348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    175781505                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    175781505                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     14720595                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14720595                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  38835502800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38835502800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  38835502800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38835502800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1459363000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1459363000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2145424499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2145424499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3604787499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3604787499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050560                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050560                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086556                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086556                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014223                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014223                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.094937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.094937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27156.515003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27156.515003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42089.024436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42089.024436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11038.778259                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11038.778259                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5419.953976                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5419.953976                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30363.839704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30363.839704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30363.839704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30363.839704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                2485884                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          2055798                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect            72106                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             1444173                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                 831190                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            57.554739                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 170291                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7410                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1846757                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     10485                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           25                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  320297                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1188866                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     1998                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          67                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 130212                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     3035623                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                     12483                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           92                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  450509                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     420713                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     6600                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                         223                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 427313                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        14964653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles           5680448                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      11756636                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    2485884                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           1001481                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                      2105616                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                 381271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles               5937724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles               25803                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        62153                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        48156                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  1420733                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                48517                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          14103634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.833589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.209447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                11998018     85.07%     85.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  134082      0.95%     86.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  225201      1.60%     87.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                  169062      1.20%     88.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                  292225      2.07%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  115066      0.82%     91.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                  124219      0.88%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  190666      1.35%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                  855095      6.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            14103634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.166117                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.785627                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                 5621005                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles              6169812                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                  1969307                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               106628                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                236881                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved              108171                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                 6940                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              11535490                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts                20476                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                236881                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                 5819966                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                 414819                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles       5141752                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                  1873919                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles               616295                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              10688130                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                   72                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 55241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents               150444                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands            7038513                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups             12788456                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups        12730882                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups            51827                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps              5999158                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                 1039355                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            430985                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts         39680                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  1897434                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads             1953635                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            1261748                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads           176061                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores           98445                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                   9382355                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             465021                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                  9121330                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            28823                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        1378008                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       697882                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        334259                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     14103634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.646736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.322598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10102268     71.63%     71.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1834449     13.01%     84.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             778460      5.52%     90.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             526095      3.73%     93.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             451675      3.20%     97.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             203961      1.45%     98.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             130101      0.92%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              68435      0.49%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               8190      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       14103634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   3122      1.64%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      1.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                102805     54.10%     55.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                84113     44.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3526      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5686452     62.34%     62.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               15839      0.17%     62.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     62.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10725      0.12%     62.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1763      0.02%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1931464     21.18%     83.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1211908     13.29%     97.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            259653      2.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total               9121330                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.609525                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     190040                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.020835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          32366807                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11130082                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8856102                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             198350                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             96900                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        93876                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses               9204439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 103405                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           88797                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277499                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1209                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1676                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       126244                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          334                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        13648                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                236881                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                 252351                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                39276                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10330457                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           142523                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1953635                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1261748                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            421576                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 32385                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1813                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          1676                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         32559                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        96048                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              128607                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts              9031900                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1864128                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            89430                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       483081                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                     3060773                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 1345265                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   1196645                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.603549                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                       8976284                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                      8949978                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                  4203498                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                  5915948                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.598075                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.710537                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts        1403439                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         130762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           120016                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     13866753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.637072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.578145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10553407     76.11%     76.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1550482     11.18%     87.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       573583      4.14%     91.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       351937      2.54%     93.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       252477      1.82%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        99182      0.72%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       104002      0.75%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102635      0.74%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       279048      2.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     13866753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts             8834118                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps               8834118                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                       2811640                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      1676136                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                      41495                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   1262292                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                     92546                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                  8189363                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              139415                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       427272      4.84%      4.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         5265448     59.60%     64.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          15610      0.18%     64.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         10725      0.12%     64.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv          1763      0.02%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1717631     19.44%     84.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1136016     12.86%     97.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess       259653      2.94%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total          8834118                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events               279048                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                    23736453                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   20710450                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         126022                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                         861019                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  3795679739                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    8410372                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                      8410372                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              1.779309                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        1.779309                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.562016                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.562016                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                11653751                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                6367365                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                    51509                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                   51143                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                 926936                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                206554                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           210820                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          470.468430                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            1201520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           211332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs             5.685462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     1879665276250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   470.468430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.918884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.918884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1632124                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         1632124                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      1201520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1201520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      1201520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         1201520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      1201520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        1201520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       219211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       219211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       219211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        219211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       219211                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       219211                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2949137410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2949137410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2949137410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2949137410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2949137410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2949137410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      1420731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1420731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      1420731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      1420731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      1420731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      1420731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.154295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.154295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.154295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.154295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.154295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.154295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13453.418898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13453.418898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13453.418898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13453.418898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13453.418898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13453.418898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          428                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               21                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.380952                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         7818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         7818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         7818                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7818                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       211393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       211393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       211393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       211393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       211393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       211393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2447786762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2447786762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2447786762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2447786762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2447786762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2447786762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.148792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.148792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.148792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11579.317962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11579.317962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11579.317962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11579.317962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11579.317962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11579.317962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           102235                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          491.253867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            2477501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           102637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.138478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      45814117000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   491.253867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.959480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.959480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11642464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11642464                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1521331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1521331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       890954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        890954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        30283                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        30283                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        29173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        29173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      2412285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         2412285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      2412285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        2412285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       196472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       196472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       206616                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       206616                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         5011                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5011                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         2898                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2898                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       403088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        403088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       403088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       403088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2745758970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2745758970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6806020354                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6806020354                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     50048997                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     50048997                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     21170434                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     21170434                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9551779324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9551779324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9551779324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9551779324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1717803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1717803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1097570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1097570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        35294                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        35294                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        32071                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        32071                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      2815373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2815373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      2815373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2815373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.114374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.114374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.188249                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.188249                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.141979                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.141979                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.090362                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.090362                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.143174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.143174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.143174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.143174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13975.319486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13975.319486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32940.432270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32940.432270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9987.826182                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9987.826182                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7305.187716                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7305.187716                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23696.511243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23696.511243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23696.511243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23696.511243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       206242                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             3728                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    55.322425                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        67781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            67781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       121809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       121809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       169922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       169922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          539                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          539                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       291731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       291731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       291731                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       291731                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        74663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        36694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4472                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         4472                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2897                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2897                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       111357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       111357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       111357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       111357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    836811454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    836811454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    998585721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    998585721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     34130252                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34130252                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     15375566                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15375566                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1835397175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1835397175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1835397175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1835397175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     23621500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     23621500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    617644004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    617644004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    641265504                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    641265504                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033432                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033432                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.126707                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126707                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.090331                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090331                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.039553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.039553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11207.846644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11207.846644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27213.869325                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27213.869325                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7631.988372                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7631.988372                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5307.409734                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5307.409734                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16482.099688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16482.099688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16482.099688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16482.099688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6589                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    184914                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   65370     40.53%     40.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    131      0.08%     40.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1926      1.19%     41.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    186      0.12%     41.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  93691     58.08%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              161304                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    64362     49.21%     49.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     131      0.10%     49.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1926      1.47%     50.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     186      0.14%     50.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   64176     49.07%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               130781                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1863832959500     97.81%     97.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               63684000      0.00%     97.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              569763500      0.03%     97.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               89287000      0.00%     97.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            41094897500      2.16%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1905650591500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.984580                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.684975                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.810773                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         7      3.32%      3.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        17      8.06%     11.37% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.90%     13.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        29     13.74%     27.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.47%     27.49% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       10      4.74%     32.23% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        7      3.32%     35.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        4      1.90%     37.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.47%     37.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        3      1.42%     39.34% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        8      3.79%     43.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.95%     44.08% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       37     17.54%     61.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        3      1.42%     63.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                        8      3.79%     66.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        9      4.27%     71.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.47%     71.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        5      2.37%     73.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       27     12.80%     86.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.42%     88.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        7      3.32%     91.47% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.47%     91.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        2      0.95%     92.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        7      3.32%     96.21% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.95%     97.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.95%     98.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.47%     98.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.47%     99.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.95%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   211                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  277      0.16%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3529      2.08%      2.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      48      0.03%      2.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               154533     90.92%     93.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6537      3.85%     97.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     97.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.00%     97.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     8      0.00%     97.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     97.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4527      2.66%     99.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 345      0.20%     99.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     137      0.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                169959                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             7072                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1287                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1286                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1287                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.181844                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.307812                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1903707301000     99.90%     99.90% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          1943282500      0.10%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    3530                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2439                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     54740                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   16948     36.40%     36.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1925      4.13%     40.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    277      0.59%     41.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  27412     58.87%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               46562                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    16579     47.26%     47.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1925      5.49%     52.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     277      0.79%     53.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   16302     46.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                35083                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1874130150000     98.36%     98.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              532183000      0.03%     98.39% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              125676500      0.01%     98.40% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            30535391000      1.60%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1905323400500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.978228                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.594703                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.753468                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1      0.87%      0.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        13     11.30%     12.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                        13     11.30%     23.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.87%     24.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        5      4.35%     28.70% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        3      2.61%     31.30% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::20                        2      1.74%     33.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        3      2.61%     35.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        3      2.61%     38.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        3      2.61%     40.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       17     14.78%     55.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        3      2.61%     58.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        2      1.74%     60.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.87%     60.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        2      1.74%     62.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       27     23.48%     86.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        9      7.83%     93.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::90                        1      0.87%     94.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::92                        2      1.74%     96.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       3      2.61%     99.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.87%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   115                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  186      0.39%      0.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1067      2.22%      2.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       6      0.01%      2.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                41329     85.97%     88.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2224      4.63%     93.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.01%     93.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.01%     93.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3030      6.30%     99.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 172      0.36%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      43      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 48076                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1341                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                460                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2398                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                662                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  460                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  202                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.493661                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.084237                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.315313                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        4271038500      0.22%      0.22% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user           809340000      0.04%      0.27% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1900232555000     99.73%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    1068                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
