
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.220883                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                220882818500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               220882818500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 143140                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   250566                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               54147281                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 644560                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4079.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   583909458                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1022131711                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           42112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data           16768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total              58880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        42112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         42112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              658                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data              262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                 920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             190653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data              75914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                266567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        190653                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           190653                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            190653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data             75914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               266567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                         920                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                       920                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                  58880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                   58880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10               51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  220882779500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                   920                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    259.816514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.436427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   273.545291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           84     38.53%     38.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           56     25.69%     64.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           26     11.93%     76.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           17      7.80%     83.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639            7      3.21%     87.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      3.21%     90.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      2.75%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      1.83%     94.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      5.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                      8510500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                25760500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    4600000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9250.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28000.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                      693                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 75.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                  240089977.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    75.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::IDLE   213417672000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::REF      7375680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::ACT        87508500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.membus.throughput                       265987                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                803                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         1838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        58752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        58752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total               58752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                  58752                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1118000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            8570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                   692.676894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                         285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.354919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        573.703229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        118.973665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.017508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.003631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.021139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           803                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          749                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024506                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     10566                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    10566                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst                  282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data                    3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                     285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                   282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                     3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                  282                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                    3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     285                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                   806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data              115                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                 262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                    921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                659                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                262                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                   921                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45860000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     11861250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        57721250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      8112750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       8112750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      45860000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      19974000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         65834000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45860000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     19974000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        65834000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst              941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data              150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                1091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data            115                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               115                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data               265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 1206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data              265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                1206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.700319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.980000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.738772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data             1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.700319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.988679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.763682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.700319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.988679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.763682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69590.288316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80688.775510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71614.454094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 70545.652174                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70545.652174                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69590.288316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76236.641221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71480.998914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69590.288316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76236.641221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71480.998914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          115                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data           262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total              921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     37628000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10054250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47682250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6681250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6681250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     37628000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     16735500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54363500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     37628000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     16735500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54363500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.700319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.980000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.738772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.700319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.988679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.763682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.700319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.988679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.763682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57098.634294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68396.258503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59159.119107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58097.826087                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58097.826087                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57098.634294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63875.954198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59026.601520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57098.634294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63875.954198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59026.601520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                      348565                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               1091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1088                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              115                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             115                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                  2409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        60096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        16896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total              76992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus                 76992                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy             603000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1518500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            432500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               146174813                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         146174813                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           2277754                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             98413156                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                98409504                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.996289                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 8034392                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                174                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        441765644                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          126658833                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      686508921                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   146174813                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches          106443896                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     221705742                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                20924276                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles               74708456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   43                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           293                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 126622926                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes               1132472                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          441719707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.724590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.124432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                220014451     49.81%     49.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  6751549      1.53%     51.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  9357970      2.12%     53.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 39327365      8.90%     62.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 44019127      9.97%     72.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  9123722      2.07%     74.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 10126491      2.29%     76.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 46390756     10.50%     87.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 56608276     12.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            441719707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.330888                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.554012                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                142384492                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              61244553                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 203167942                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              16276391                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               18646329                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             1192173756                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               18646329                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                151684337                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                12382478                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles            577                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 209581917                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              49424069                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             1178145100                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               43225076                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents               1126795                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          1767858966                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            2678511231                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       1549927426                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups              2815                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1543579915                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                224279051                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 41                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             41                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 109601545                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             35036262                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             8005247                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads               160                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores               81                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 1162946642                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 121                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1111131645                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               690                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       140803925                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    237177806                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             98                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     441719707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.515468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.814266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            48029465     10.87%     10.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           103061555     23.33%     34.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            98701797     22.34%     56.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            93643255     21.20%     77.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            14687470      3.33%     81.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            30757788      6.96%     88.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            52671034     11.92%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              167037      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 306      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       441719707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     390     76.77%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    18      3.54%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     80.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     29      5.71%     86.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    71     13.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           2372785      0.21%      0.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            1065718673     95.91%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  136      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   100      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                1099      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             35035155      3.15%     99.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             8003697      0.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1111131645                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.515206                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         508                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.000000                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         2663980920                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        1303748824                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1105765660                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                3275                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               2008                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         1551                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1108757700                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    1668                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          5635921                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       153876                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          145                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       125232                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            8                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            73                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               18646329                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                    5588                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    72                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          1162946763                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               259                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              35036262                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              8005247                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 41                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     25                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            145                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        3243846                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        76522                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              3320368                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1105768965                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              35027762                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           5362680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     43030780                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                122469060                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    8003018                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.503067                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1105767777                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1105767211                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 940587734                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1401060146                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.503063                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.671340                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       140815056                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           2277792                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    423073378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.415968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.930686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     51919053     12.27%     12.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    124908621     29.52%     41.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     59622544     14.09%     55.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     96021407     22.70%     78.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     36516427      8.63%     87.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      6735801      1.59%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     32625778      7.71%     96.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3375576      0.80%     97.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     11348171      2.68%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    423073378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            583909458                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1022131711                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       42762401                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      34882386                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                  120945903                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                       1504                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1019880311                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              7875567                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      2250528      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        977117512     95.60%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             118      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               98      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           1054      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     95.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        34882386      3.41%     99.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        7880015      0.77%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total        1022131711                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              11348171                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   1574671974                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  2344539980                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             570                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           45937                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   583909458                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1022131711                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.756565                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.756565                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.321763                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.321763                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               1407501635                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               972923958                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                      2403                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                     1082                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 683787754                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                694187831                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               296971070                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           409.249842                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           126621755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          134847.449414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   409.249842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.799316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.799316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.871094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         253246791                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        253246791                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    126621755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       126621755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     126621755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        126621755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    126621755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       126621755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1171                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1171                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62151000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62151000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    126622926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    126622926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    126622926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    126622926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    126622926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    126622926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53075.149445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53075.149445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53075.149445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53075.149445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53075.149445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53075.149445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           60                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           60                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     49623500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49623500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     49623500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49623500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     49623500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49623500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52734.856536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52734.856536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52734.856536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52734.856536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52734.856536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52734.856536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           231.214424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            37271318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               264                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          141179.234848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   231.214424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.225795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.225795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.257812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          74543686                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         74543686                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     29391411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        29391411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      7879907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7879907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      37271318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         37271318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     37271318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        37271318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     20794500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20794500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      8496750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8496750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     29291250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     29291250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     29291250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     29291250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     29391689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29391689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      7880022                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7880022                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     37271711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     37271711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     37271711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     37271711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74800.359712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74800.359712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73884.782609                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73884.782609                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74532.442748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74532.442748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74532.442748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74532.442748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          449                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    49.888889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     12045750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12045750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8228250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8228250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     20274000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     20274000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     20274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     20274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        80305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        71550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76505.660377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76505.660377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76505.660377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76505.660377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
