
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.095985                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 95984689500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                95984689500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 133875                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   254888                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               43990018                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 646660                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2181.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   292111040                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     556157498                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           54720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         4106752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            4161472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        54720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         54720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1619584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1619584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            64168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               65023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         25306                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              25306                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             570091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           42785490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              43355581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        570091                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           570091                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        16873358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             16873358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        16873358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            570091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          42785490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             60228939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       65023                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      25306                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     65023                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    25306                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                4155456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1618176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 4161472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1619584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     94                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              3901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              3864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              3865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              3859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              3704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              3775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              4830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              4643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              4274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              3833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             3546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             3701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             3754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             4673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             4558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             4149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              2173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              2060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             2060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   95984653000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 65023                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                25306                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   53344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    9943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    1044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        12898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    447.444255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   317.606040                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   357.474163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1288      9.99%      9.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2905     22.52%     32.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4101     31.80%     64.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          329      2.55%     66.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          431      3.34%     70.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          322      2.50%     72.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          264      2.05%     74.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          332      2.57%     77.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2926     22.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        12898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1573                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      41.273363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.510628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    694.332704                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         1569     99.75%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            3      0.19%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1573                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1573                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.073744                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.068897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.415542                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             1518     96.50%     96.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                8      0.51%     97.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               38      2.42%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                6      0.38%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.06%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1573                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    861868500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              2079287250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  324645000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13274.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32024.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        43.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        16.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     43.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     16.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      14.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    54113                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   23193                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 83.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1062611.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    85.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::IDLE    49483120250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::REF      3205020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::ACT     43293223500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.membus.throughput                     60228272                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18947                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             25306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             46075                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            46075                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       155351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       155351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 155351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5780992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      5780992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total             5780992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                5780992                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           311658500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          610616750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                     32254                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 21545.034632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      686357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     65007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     10.558201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               59634241000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    17528.363034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        364.162098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       3652.509500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.534923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.011113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.111466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.657502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32753                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        32685                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999542                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7403458                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7403458                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst                  125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data               292663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  292788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           439805                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                439805                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             101272                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                101272                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                   125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                393935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   394060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                  125                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               393935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  394060                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data              18093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 18948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            46075                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               46075                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               64168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  65023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                855                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              64168                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 65023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     61241250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1543917500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1605158750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3293503000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3293503000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      61241250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    4837420500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4898661750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     61241250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   4837420500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4898661750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst              980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           310756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              311736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       439805                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            439805                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         147347                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            147347                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            458103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               459083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           458103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              459083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.872449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.058223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.060782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.312697                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.312697                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.872449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.140073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.141637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.872449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.140073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.141637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71627.192982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85332.310838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84713.888009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71481.345632                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71481.345632                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71627.192982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75386.804950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75337.369085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71627.192982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75386.804950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75337.369085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                25306                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     25306                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         18093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            18948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        46075                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          46075                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          64168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             65023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         64168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            65023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     50514250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1320998500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1371512750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2709703000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2709703000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     50514250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4030701500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4081215750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     50514250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4030701500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4081215750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.872449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.058223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.060782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.312697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.872449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.140073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.141637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.872449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.140073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.141637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59080.994152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73011.579064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72382.982373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58810.699946                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58810.699946                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59080.994152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62814.822030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62765.725205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59080.994152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62814.822030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62765.725205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   599353588                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             311736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            311735                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           439805                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           147347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          147347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1356010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1357970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        62720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     57466048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total           57528768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              57528768                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          889249000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1614750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         698678250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                81980990                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          81980990                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           1949097                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             54370880                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                32163900                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             59.156482                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 3583642                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                347                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                50217                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        191969380                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           49653444                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      337133152                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    81980990                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           35747542                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     105325122                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 8153945                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles               30074395                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          1074                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  49682716                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes               1146179                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          191234156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.341794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.526049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 88288615     46.17%     46.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  5112383      2.67%     48.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  6037161      3.16%     52.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  6687652      3.50%     55.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  7887446      4.12%     59.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  8467700      4.43%     64.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  8585819      4.49%     68.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  4926781      2.58%     71.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 55240599     28.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            191234156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.427052                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.756182                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 58214126                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              25476717                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  98292300                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               3071067                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                6179946                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              631230936                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                6179946                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 62467030                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                12841845                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles         858176                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  97154173                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              11732986                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              619999861                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                  4567                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                2605338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents               7334770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           721222679                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            1576445467                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        889573222                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups          11452499                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             647505242                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 73717437                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts              50260                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts          50258                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  28385833                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             60301775                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            38389338                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           2027316                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          1968027                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  596500638                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               62582                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 586931830                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            161882                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        40264713                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42436495                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            196                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     191234156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         3.069179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.300709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            35470461     18.55%     18.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            25751338     13.47%     32.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            24731677     12.93%     44.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            22124335     11.57%     56.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            23543944     12.31%     68.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            24128919     12.62%     81.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            19573505     10.24%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            14197084      7.42%     99.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             1712893      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       191234156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 5755877     92.05%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     8      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 249820      4.00%     96.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                247459      3.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           4017706      0.68%      0.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             477064825     81.28%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              3016276      0.51%     82.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                350060      0.06%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             5699287      0.97%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             59521100     10.14%     93.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            37262576      6.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              586931830                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           3.057424                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     6253164                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.010654                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         1356099805                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         628888385                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    575353362                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            15413057                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            7940857                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7653946                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              581460941                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 7706347                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          6754628                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4468256                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         7185                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1314                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2048242                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       168823                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         91058                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                6179946                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 7527097                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                673684                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           596563220                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           6919265                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              60301775                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             38389338                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              62418                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 386805                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  3290                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           1314                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         655774                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1460073                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              2115847                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             583840374                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              59111883                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           3091456                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     96080810                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 74375552                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   36968927                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     3.041320                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      583407288                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     583007308                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 416653451                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 659758897                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       3.036981                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.631524                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        40405972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           62386                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           1949246                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    185054210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     3.005376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.919715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     47781579     25.82%     25.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     34193287     18.48%     44.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     19494248     10.53%     54.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     17596362      9.51%     64.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     12838254      6.94%     71.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9074194      4.90%     76.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      6264281      3.39%     79.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      6619083      3.58%     83.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     31192922     16.86%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    185054210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            292111040                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              556157498                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       92174615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      55833519                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                          12                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   71208190                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                    7555283                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 548179005                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              2841357                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      2907935      0.52%      0.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        452089317     81.29%     81.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         2967011      0.53%     82.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           350049      0.06%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        5668571      1.02%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        55833519     10.04%     93.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       36341096      6.53%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         556157498                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              31192922                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    750424758                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  1199307075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                          104650                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          735224                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   292111040                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     556157498                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.657179                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.657179                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.521654                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.521654                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                837508153                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               464674536                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                  11348727                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                  6404775                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 390915795                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                206340437                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               241065638                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           418.241240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            49681503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               980                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          50695.411224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   418.241240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.816877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.816877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.906250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          99366412                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         99366412                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     49681503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        49681503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      49681503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         49681503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     49681503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        49681503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77014250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77014250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77014250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77014250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77014250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77014250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     49682716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     49682716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     49682716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     49682716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     49682716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     49682716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63490.725474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63490.725474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63490.725474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63490.725474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63490.725474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63490.725474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          371                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    33.727273                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          233                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          233                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63479750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63479750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63479750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63479750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63479750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63479750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64775.255102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64775.255102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64775.255102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64775.255102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64775.255102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64775.255102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            457078                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1017.383436                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            87938477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            458102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            191.962657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        2205503250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1017.383436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.993539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         177659552                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        177659552                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     51744731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        51744731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     36193746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       36193746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      87938477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         87938477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     87938477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        87938477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       514898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        514898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       147350                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       147350                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       662248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         662248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       662248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        662248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8328766250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8328766250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4779401999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4779401999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  13108168249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13108168249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  13108168249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13108168249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     52259629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     52259629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     36341096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     36341096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     88600725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     88600725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     88600725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     88600725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16175.565355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16175.565355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32435.710886                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32435.710886                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19793.443316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19793.443316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19793.443316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19793.443316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       421663                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             65261                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.461179                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       439805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            439805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       204142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       204142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       204145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       204145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       204145                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       204145                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       310756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       310756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       147347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       147347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       458103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       458103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       458103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       458103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4897410500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4897410500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4465198249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4465198249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9362608749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9362608749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9362608749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9362608749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15759.665139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15759.665139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30303.964444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30303.964444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 20437.780912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20437.780912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 20437.780912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20437.780912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
