
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.533303                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                533302933000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               533302933000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  96986                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   210135                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               53582307                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 644312                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9952.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   965297922                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2091471065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           43392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data           17856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total              61248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        43392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         43392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data              279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                 957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              81365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data              33482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                114847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         81365                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            81365                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             81365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data             33482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               114847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                         957                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                       957                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                  61248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                   61248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10               46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  533302856500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                   957                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    269.735160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   171.448308                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   279.807246                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           76     34.70%     34.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           65     29.68%     64.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           24     10.96%     75.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           15      6.85%     82.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639            8      3.65%     85.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      3.20%     89.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      3.20%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      1.83%     94.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      5.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                      8741500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                26685250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    4785000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9134.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                27884.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                      728                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 76.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                  557265262.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    76.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::IDLE   515408584250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::REF     17807920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::ACT        82981250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.membus.throughput                       114847                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         1914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        61248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        61248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total               61248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                  61248                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1161500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            8921750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                   737.833948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                         319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       838                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.380668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        605.494506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        132.339441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.018478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.004039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.022517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           838                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          787                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025574                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     11182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    11182                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst                  316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data                    3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                     319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks                1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                     1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                   316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                     3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                  316                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                    3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     319                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                   838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data              120                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 120                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                 279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                    958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                679                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                279                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                   958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     12284500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        59679500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      8817750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       8817750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      47395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      21102250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         68497250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     21102250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        68497250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst              995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data              162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                1157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total                 1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data            120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data               282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 1277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data              282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                1277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.682412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.981481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.724287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data             1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.682412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.989362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.750196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.682412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.989362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.750196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69801.178203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77261.006289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71216.587112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73481.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73481.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69801.178203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75635.304659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71500.260960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69801.178203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75635.304659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71500.260960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            120                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data           279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total              958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38907500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49226500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7325250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7325250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38907500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     17644250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56551750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38907500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     17644250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56551750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.682412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.981481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.724287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.682412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.989362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.750196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.682412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.989362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.750196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57301.178203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64899.371069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58742.840095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61043.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61043.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57301.178203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63241.039427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59031.054280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57301.178203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63241.039427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59031.054280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                      153249                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               1157                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1156                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              120                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             120                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                  2554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        63616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        18112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total              81728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus                 81728                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy             640000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1606750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            459750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               150514365                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         150514365                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           2277308                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             87194808                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                85992916                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             98.621601                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                15881427                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                207                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       1066605867                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          180322154                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1034251458                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   150514365                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches          101874343                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     372062245                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                19510120                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles              496949027                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   39                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           290                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 180177959                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 10535                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples         1066557033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.121409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.246154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                694495947     65.12%     65.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 38624040      3.62%     68.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  2253152      0.21%     68.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 51836904      4.86%     73.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  9129964      0.86%     74.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                     2386      0.00%     74.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 49507052      4.64%     79.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 35271711      3.31%     82.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                185435877     17.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total           1066557033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.141115                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.969666                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                262958242                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             415376399                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 323753323                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              47245791                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               17223278                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             2254172320                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts                     1                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               17223278                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                323510665                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                75951266                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles            719                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 309048405                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             340822700                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             2239050745                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    62                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents              165369816                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents             156902150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          2710160426                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            5416554555                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       3593330126                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups              2586                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            2518427059                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                191733367                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 41                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             40                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 791031526                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            530593529                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           270336398                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         383176074                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores        185653156                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 2220685568                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 113                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                2161326070                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             17344                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       129209184                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    235021871                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             90                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    1066557033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.026451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.538692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           156572794     14.68%     14.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           325939112     30.56%     45.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           228289435     21.40%     66.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           164031979     15.38%     82.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            89718084      8.41%     90.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            88185481      8.27%     98.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             9853279      0.92%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             3942216      0.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               24653      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1066557033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     844      0.02%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    17      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                1224553     35.23%     35.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               2249998     64.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              1687      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            1387981931     64.22%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  745      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   105      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                1046      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     64.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            513397262     23.75%     87.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           259943294     12.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             2161326070                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.026359                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     3475412                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.001608                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         5392698596                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        2349904951                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2155310592                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                3333                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               1886                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         1591                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             2164798101                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    1694                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        322313316                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     31081442                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1715                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12114                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     14953480                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            8                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            50                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               17223278                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 4504959                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   110                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          2220685681                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              6652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             530593529                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            270336398                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 41                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     58                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          12114                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        1077614                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1200379                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              2277993                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            2155344301                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             508936920                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           5981769                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    767756436                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                140187426                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  258819516                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.020750                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     2155338496                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    2155312183                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1701974408                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                2308279921                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.020720                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.737334                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       129214631                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           2277342                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1049333755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.993142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.343014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    266183776     25.37%     25.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    398116974     37.94%     63.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     95900669      9.14%     72.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    119827776     11.42%     83.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     24431213      2.33%     86.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      7097822      0.68%     86.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     41612243      3.97%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     10124251      0.96%     91.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     86039031      8.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1049333755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            965297922                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             2091471065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      754895005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     499512087                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                  138947489                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                       1518                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                2091469479                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls             15750659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          728      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       1336573502     63.91%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             692      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               98      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           1040      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       499512087     23.88%     87.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      255382918     12.21%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total        2091471065                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              86039031                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   3183980420                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  4458595098                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             604                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           48834                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   965297922                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    2091471065                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.104950                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.104950                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.905018                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.905018                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               3422066734                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1756330047                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                      2359                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                     1085                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 678410471                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                836909304                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads              1041249415                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               545                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           421.843566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           180176673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               994                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          181264.258551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   421.843566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.823913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.823913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.876953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         360356912                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        360356912                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    180176673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       180176673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     180176673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        180176673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    180176673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       180176673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65664750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65664750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65664750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65664750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65664750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65664750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    180177959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    180177959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    180177959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    180177959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    180177959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    180177959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51061.236392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51061.236392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51061.236392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51061.236392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51061.236392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51061.236392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          102                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          291                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          291                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     51550750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51550750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     51550750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51550750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     51550750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51550750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51809.798995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51809.798995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51809.798995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51809.798995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51809.798995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51809.798995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           252.685280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           442005930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1567396.914894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   252.685280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.246763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.246763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.274414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         884012986                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        884012986                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    186623126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       186623126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    255382804                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      255382804                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     442005930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        442005930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    442005930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       442005930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     21699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      9254250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9254250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     30953250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     30953250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     30953250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     30953250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    186623427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    186623427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    255382925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    255382925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    442006352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    442006352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    442006352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    442006352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72089.700997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72089.700997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76481.404959                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76481.404959                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73348.933649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73348.933649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73348.933649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73348.933649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          676                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    67.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total                 1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          140                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          140                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     12481000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12481000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8938250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8938250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     21419250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21419250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     21419250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21419250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77043.209877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77043.209877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74485.416667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74485.416667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75954.787234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75954.787234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75954.787234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75954.787234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
