
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.631271                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2631271319500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2631271319500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 354699                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   451347                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            15499898557                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 465856                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   169.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60213853                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      76620850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    124256256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           299528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4518680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           404800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4542464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            134021920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       299528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       404800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          704328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3690624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1524152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       1491920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6706696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15532032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             10892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             70640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              6325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             70976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15690868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           57666                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           381038                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           372980                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               811684                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47222898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            49                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              113834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1717299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker            24                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              153842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1726338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                50934284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         113834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         153842                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             267676                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1402601                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             579245                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data             566996                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2548842                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1402601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47222898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           49                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             113834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            2296545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           24                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             153842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            2293334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               53483126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15690868                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       811684                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                    15690868                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     811684                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM               1004214848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                       704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   6724608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 134021920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                6706696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                  706598                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           4517                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              980391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              980206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              980222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              980428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              986950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              980708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              980611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              980420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              980615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              980431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             979815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             979544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             980153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             980076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             980177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             980110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                6626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                6496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                6497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                6634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                6893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               6212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               6499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               6274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               6516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               6506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2631266900000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    6664                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15532032                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  152172                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 754018                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  57666                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1139961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    982153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    987606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   1093203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                    997403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   1062031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2774379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                   2684271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                   3510460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                    111897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                   101929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    96137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    92760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    19230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    18784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                    18633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     4037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     4046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     5788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     5769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     5755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     5749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     5727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     5704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     5685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     5667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     5659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples      1040545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      971.548041                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     905.383017                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     204.411888                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          22983      2.21%      2.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        22832      2.19%      4.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9281      0.89%      5.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2277      0.22%      5.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2320      0.22%      5.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1623      0.16%      5.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9470      0.91%      6.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          703      0.07%      6.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       969056     93.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total        1040545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          6005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean      2612.962531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    47489.703553                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535          5977     99.53%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607           11      0.18%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            3      0.05%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            2      0.03%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::589824-655359            3      0.05%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            1      0.02%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.04858e+06            1      0.02%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            6      0.10%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1.37626e+06-1.44179e+06            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            6005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          6005                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        17.497419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       17.315574                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        2.169730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::1                   7      0.12%      0.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::2                   6      0.10%      0.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::3                   6      0.10%      0.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4                   4      0.07%      0.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::5                   3      0.05%      0.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::6                   1      0.02%      0.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::7                   3      0.05%      0.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8                   3      0.05%      0.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::9                   4      0.07%      0.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::10                  3      0.05%      0.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::11                  4      0.07%      0.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12                  8      0.13%      0.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::13                  3      0.05%      0.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::14                  4      0.07%      0.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::15                 16      0.27%      1.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               1890     31.47%     32.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                 59      0.98%     33.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18               3765     62.70%     96.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                 21      0.35%     96.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                 14      0.23%     96.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                 16      0.27%     97.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                 19      0.32%     97.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::23                 20      0.33%     97.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24                 12      0.20%     98.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::25                  6      0.10%     98.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::26                 23      0.38%     98.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::27                 21      0.35%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28                 18      0.30%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::29                 14      0.23%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::30                 10      0.17%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::31                 11      0.18%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32                 11      0.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            6005                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                   402822623250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              697026192000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  78454285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       25672.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  44422.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         381.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       50.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       2.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         6.85                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        14.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                   14667283                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     88101                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  83.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       159446.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      93.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     2257272287500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       87863880000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT      286133845000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.membus.throughput                     54394584                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            16743630                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           16743630                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             763389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            763389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             57666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            131349                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           131349                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2383092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1892408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4279372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               35343436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2390550                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     16472360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     18870654                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           143126910                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              143126910                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1225776000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3753500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy         18171055500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4987830629                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        38455776750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    62060                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                51620.522057                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    1699511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   127448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    13.334937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle             2576403565500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   38224.293292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2572.111888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     3079.413643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     4449.101058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     3295.601290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.583256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.039247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.046988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.067888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.050287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.787667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6611                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        56587                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997742                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 17278044                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                17278044                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        10108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             418356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             187332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         9807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         3568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             426125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             183124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1242084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          596476                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               596476                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            57771                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            56762                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               114533                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         10108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          3664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              418356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              245103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          9807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          3568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              426125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              239886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1356617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        10108                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3664                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             418356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             245103                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         9807                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         3568                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             426125                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             239886                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1356617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             4266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             5262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             6325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                20823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1468                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1421                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2889                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          66168                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          66809                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             132977                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              4266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             71430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              6325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             71776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                153800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             4266                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            71430                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             6325                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            71776                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               153800                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    299478000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    388418000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    441554500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    374768000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1504457250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       209991                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       255989                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       465980                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4604837922                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4645007200                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9249845122                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    299478000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4993255922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    441554500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5019775200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     10754302372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    299478000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4993255922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    441554500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5019775200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    10754302372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        10108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         422622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         192594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         9808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         3568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         432450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         188091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1262907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       596476                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           596476                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1483                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1432                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2915                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       123939                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       123571                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           247510                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        10108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          422622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          316533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         9808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         3568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          432450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          311662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1510417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        10108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         422622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         316533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         9808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         3568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         432450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         311662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1510417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.010094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.027322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.026407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.016488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.989885                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.992318                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.991081                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.533876                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.540653                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.537259                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.010094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.225664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.014626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.230301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.101826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.010094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.225664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.230301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.101826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70201.125176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73815.659445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 69810.988142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75451.580431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72249.783893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   143.045640                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   180.147080                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   161.294566                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69593.125408                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69526.668563                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69559.736812                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70201.125176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69904.184824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 69810.988142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69936.680785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69923.942601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70201.125176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69904.184824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 69810.988142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69936.680785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69923.942601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               57666                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    57666                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1468                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1421                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2889                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        66168                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        66809                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        132977                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        71430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        71776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           153800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        71430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        71776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          153800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    245455500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    322888500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    361377500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    312814000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1242736750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     14681468                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     14215421                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28896889                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3759009578                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3789807300                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7548816878                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    245455500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4081898078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    361377500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4102621300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8791553628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    245455500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4081898078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    361377500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4102621300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8791553628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    349718500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  83155205750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  83528725500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167033649750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   8440426101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   8262522003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16702948104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    349718500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  91595631851                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  91791247503                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 183736597854                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.989885                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.992318                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991081                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.533876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.540653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.225664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.230301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.101826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.225664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.230301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 57537.623066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61362.314709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57134.782609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62978.457822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59680.965759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10003.814919                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10002.384562                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56810.083092                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56725.999491                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56767.838634                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 57537.623066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57145.430183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57134.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57158.678388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57162.247256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 57537.623066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57145.430183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57134.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57158.678388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57162.247256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    52759012                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2471877                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2471877                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            763389                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           763389                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           596476                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2915                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2915                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           247510                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          247510                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1725028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      5753762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        20291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        50582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7549663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     54751132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     83793442                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        28936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        79664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          138653174                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             138653174                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus          170100                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4808682000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3865303000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4420412121                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          13057000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          30666250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      48131413                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             16715394                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            16715394                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8184                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8184                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        30038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         7946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio          536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2383092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                33447156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        39333                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        15892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio         1072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         2084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2390550                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total            126646806                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus               126646806                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21111000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              3978000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               536000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               527000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy         15532032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374908000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         39139813250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7447963                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      7119                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5549645                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     1815                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                        2495                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                725                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     29                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    6552                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   134                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      230                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 7455082                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5551460                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         12997608                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           8934                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     13006542                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    30500446                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      3756                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                        2495                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                725                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     29                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2854                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                30504202                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         30500446                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           3756                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     30504202                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2629256644                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   29876886                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     37981807                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             34283991                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  4842                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1058651                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      3976280                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    34283991                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         4842                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          198984803                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          36984019                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1354                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     13572889                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7771976                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5800913                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2280913483.245505                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              348343160.754495                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.132487                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.867513                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          5129174                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                12846      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 24984996     64.70%     64.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   44336      0.11%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc               930      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 7771976     20.13%     84.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5800913     15.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  38615997                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   83028                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           856182                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.863139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           60651276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           856694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            70.796896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      20196898250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   155.776297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   355.086842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.304251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.693529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         62364664                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        62364664                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     30077042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     30574234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       60651276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     30077042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     30574234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        60651276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     30077042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     30574234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       60651276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       423404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       433290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       856694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       423404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       433290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        856694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       423404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       433290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       856694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5772656000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6023287000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11795943000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5772656000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6023287000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11795943000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5772656000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6023287000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11795943000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     30500446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     31007524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     61507970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     30500446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     31007524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     61507970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     30500446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     31007524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     61507970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13633.919377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13901.283205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13769.143942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13633.919377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13901.283205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13769.143942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13633.919377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13901.283205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13769.143942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       423404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       433290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       856694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       423404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       433290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       856694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       423404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       433290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       856694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4924249000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5154307000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10078556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4924249000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5154307000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10078556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4924249000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5154307000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10078556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    441046000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    441046000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    441046000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    441046000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11630.142842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11895.744190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11764.475997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11630.142842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11895.744190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11764.475997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11630.142842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11895.744190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11764.475997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           627683                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.876343                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           23661001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           628195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            37.665058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        669376250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   147.481748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   364.394596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.288050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.711708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         97784979                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        97784979                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6545596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      6653610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13199206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4917377                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      5057557                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       9974934                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       119123                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       117066                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       236189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       125242                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       122515                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247757                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     11462973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     11711167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        23174140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     11462973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     11711167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       23174140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       186473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       182643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       369116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       125422                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       125003                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       250425                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6121                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         5448                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11569                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       311895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       307646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        619541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       311895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       307646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       619541                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2771059250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2705059750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5476119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5617953546                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5645844221                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11263797767                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     82277250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     78257750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    160535000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8389012796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8350903971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16739916767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8389012796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8350903971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16739916767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6732069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      6836253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13568322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5042799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5182560                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10225359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       125244                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       122514                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       247758                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       125242                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       122515                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247757                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     11774868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     12018813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     23793681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     11774868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     12018813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     23793681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024872                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024491                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048873                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044468                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.046695                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14860.377910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14810.640156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14835.767076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44792.409195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45165.669792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44978.727232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13441.798726                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14364.491557                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13876.307373                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26896.913371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27144.523156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27019.869173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26896.913371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27144.523156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27019.869173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       596476                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           596476                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       186473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       182643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       369116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       125422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       125003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       250425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6121                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5448                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        11569                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       311895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       307646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       619541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       311895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       307646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       619541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2396807750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2338699250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4735507000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5342161454                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5370757779                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10712919233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     70030750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     67311250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137342000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7738969204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7709457029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15448426233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7738969204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7709457029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15448426233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  90834275250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  91243928750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182078204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13255943399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  12983118997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26239062396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 104090218649                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 104227047747                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208317266396                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024872                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024120                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024491                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048873                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044468                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046695                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12853.376896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12804.757094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12829.319238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42593.495990                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42965.031071                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42778.952712                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11441.063552                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12355.222100                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11871.553289                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24812.738915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25059.506800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24935.276653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24812.738915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25059.506800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24935.276653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     7552227                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      6971                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5683121                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     1859                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                        2493                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                714                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     34                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    6603                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   141                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      222                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 7559198                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5684980                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         13235348                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           8830                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     13244178                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    31007524                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      3606                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                        2493                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                714                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     34                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    2820                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                31011130                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         31007524                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           3606                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     31011130                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2633285995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   30336967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     38639043                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             34937438                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5427                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1081754                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      3973481                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    34937438                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         5427                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          202463130                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          37550545                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                4002                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1426                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     13827657                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    7892397                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   5935260                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2291893093.755996                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              341392901.244004                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.129645                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.870355                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          5180924                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                15672      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 25411566     64.66%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   43588      0.11%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc              1181      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 7892397     20.08%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                5935260     15.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  39299664                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1779915025250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1779915025250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1779915025250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1779915025250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
